and the first sounds of slurp
hello Eliza it's a cozy morning what's
going on my friend it's kind of cozy
right for California it's like a little
chill near makes you feel like there's
real weather here it does like we're in
a normal place yeah normal place with
normal meatball like where things change
like you get a winter and a summer and a
spring yeah no we get a slight chill and
like oh my god it's real with the season
changing though nobody ages like it's
still that perennial somewhere between
20 to 45 year old nobody ages what do
you mean everybody in LA like there's
like this nebulous age where it's like
behavior wise and everything like you're
somewhere between 25 and 45 and then on
either side of that you're too old or
too young but like everybody is this
kind of like just you can act like a
child here that's an interesting
observation it's totally true right
because they don't have the
responsibility of having to like shovel
snow and prepare for the winter and get
up and scrape your windshield because
there's ice on and prepare for life like
you could be like 40 or 45 year old dude
and you're like I do improv and I have a
roommate and girls are like awesome like
oh they're really like Italy really what
girls know that I know but fucking do
you think so other girls that are like
that that's what who's fucking other
people that there's like a there's you
know there's certain people that we know
okay what I'm say we know that we've run
into live that are on this show business
path and they are fucked and you know
they're like like a stampeding herd of
buffalo that are headed for a cliff yeah
and there's no way out you're not you
either gonna get some kind of a job and
you're gonna be bitter and angry or
you're you're just gonna keep doing this
forever and it's never gonna happen I
feel like with comedy in particular it's
one of those careers where it's not even
you fail up where you just fail
laterally like comedy is one of those
things where you can kind of just
continue to exist in and around it
despite actual talent we all know the
comics where it's like you're not dead
yet they're like no I'm writing ads that
go on the back of tickets I'm I'm
writing commercial parodies for like
comedy dotnet like
just write existing in subdivisions of
the realm of comedy and they'd think
that they're in the game but really
they're in the parking lot well then
there's a weird ones that come to the
store and they come to the Improv and
they hang out but they don't really go
up ever I don't understand that I don't
understand the myth of the hang the idea
is that you would be hanging if you
don't know anyone you want to meet some
new friends or your friends are there
but I see people that just bob and weave
and I'm like and you act like they're
looking for someone I'm like there's no
one there you're just here hoping
someone talks to you but you've been
doing this for so long
go home write something yeah but it's
not gonna happen I mean how many is one
of those things like I feel like you
could learn how to play music someone
can teach you how to move your fingers
in the right direction I mean you might
never be Jimi Hendrix you might never be
some virtuoso who stands out but you
might get good at music if you could put
the practice in could learn the math of
it comedy's not that my college Emerson
College offers now offers shout out to
Boston Joe who offers a comedy major and
good luck with that right I'm like
you're either funny or you're not and
you can learn what makes a script funny
and you can learn about timing and
things but you have it innate ly or you
don't know I firmly believe that I do
too and the amount of people you know
you can't tell someone but there are
plenty of people who aren't naturally
funny that make a huge career out of
things you know because someone else
unfunny finds them funny but it's one of
those things where I'm not gonna be the
one to tell you to give up on your dream
like that's not my position to tell
someone that but you're constantly
surrounded by these like it's almost
like this Walking Dead of unfunny mmm
like they're just at the shows and
they're just there for decades of your
life yeah it's hard sometimes they'll
ask me to get on the podcast too what
what are you saying what do you say oh
no you don't you say no oh so you're
very good
I remember watching you I told you this
before we were at the store one time and
there's this um cuz you're so alpha like
a proper and I say this to you every
time I see you like a proper definition
of one and I think that like a real
alpha male
it doesn't seek to disempower doesn't
seek to make anybody else feel bad
like you're just like this is what I do
and I set my boundaries and we were in
that back outside bar we're only comics
are allowed and this guy walked up to
you do you remember this and he was a
little bit in your space harmless he was
like oh joke I need a picture and you
burp you were like you cannot be back
here you've got to go well I saw him
weasel through he came from the show and
then went through the batter that
kitchen area and then went it's happened
a few times where people know that we
hang out back there because we talked
about on the podcast we go back there to
smoke and then all sudden they'll be
like me and you know Callen or whoever
in you and comics just talking about
sets like are you doing triple e show
like what's going on there's no stuff
folks and then all sudden someone's
right here hey man hey what's up hey
dude I get a picture like you're not
supposed to be back you said that I
don't know that it's like we oh I put my
foot down for certain things and of
course as you get older you get better
about it but I straight-up I don't know
that I could say that to someone I allow
people in my space and I think you kind
of just tolerate it cuz you never know
and there's that fear like what is this
person but you were very like you can't
be here and the guy was like oh so sorry
well I'm happy to take picture with
somebody but I knew that that guy had
gotten into the employees area he had
weaseled his way back through yeah I
don't yeah but you did that night and I
remember watching and I was like I don't
know you could do it the problem is with
women like men get really fucking creepy
you men get really shitty with women if
what if a woman says you can't be here
you know who knows you who knows what
kind of a man you're dealing with we can
bring I can I can speak to that yeah and
I also remember I was on your podcast
forever ago and I had done this show and
I brought up this thing I get a lot of
in sells instagramming me about this cuz
this guy came into our group was a group
of women standing outside and he asked
for a lighter oh yeah I remember this
and all of the beta's you got a lot of
great fans but on the fringe ones there
were like oh those crew freeloader and
I'm like tell you what when someone
bigger and stronger than you that has
the ability to hurt you comes into your
personal space not really wanting a
lighter wanting something else your
sensors go off make sure that you stay
silent see how great you feel I don't
think there's any respect for the idea
that like sometimes you feel scared and
it's not like a cry wolf thing like I'm
a tough
I don't walk around like afraid but
every once in a while show me some
knuckles tough chick there they're all
bloated from vodka last night it's like
yeah you know the thing like someone can
do it the right way like someone could
say excuse me do you any of you ladies
have a lighter easily and that is like
no sorry we're not smart okay cool thank
you but I've had it happen where
somebody they put their energy and they
get in it they're like who has a lighter
and you're like I don't think what you
want is a lighter mm-hmm
and I stand by that decision it's all
context I think so but it's so it's a
technicality right and it's like okay so
if you want to have white power night at
the Laugh Factory you just have to cut
Jamie a check so we're gonna take over
the place I think my biggest is you'll
be cutting Jamie a check but I listened
we have white power night let have to
have you in but you not white power
white power open mic night there are no
jokes everyone is fully erected by the
everybody already did see how you can't
do see her have you been banned from
there no okay cuz I was yeah I know yeah
but well I was your first guest on your
podcast that you were doing over there I
know and you were and that was so cool
of you cuz it was a podcast there's no
money in it there wasn't you know but
you were a friend like I didn't get any
like it was a dinky podcast run in the
laughs actor and when you decided to
leave the Laugh Factory as a venue for
your podcast you wanted to expand Jamie
said buddy you can no longer do your
Sieg Heil in my club diligent to Jews
yeah yelled at me and this was four
years ago
he yelled I I was offered my podcast
this is an old podcast to run it out of
the improv and so I called Jamie and I
said I I got offered my podcast
somewhere else and I'm gonna take it
there I just wanted to set up a whole
podcast studio the ener-d yes yeah
they set it up they're like come over
here we'll get you advertisers well it
will produce this The Laugh Factory they
would put it up but that was it there
was no business behind it and I was fine
with that I wasn't trying to make money
and brought me over okay great
so man-to-man I called Jamie I go she
want to say do you know the man
man-to-man I talk to him like a man well
I called him up and I said listen fucker
no I just said hey I just want to let
you know I've been offered to take my
pocket somewhere else and I'm gonna take
that opportunity I just want to give you
the respect of telling you versus just
leaving absolutely no problem you're
family
really and by the way I said no problem
mm-hmm
that's why this is so insane no problem
you're family
go ahead I'm making him sound Russian
but it's like a weird accent anyway so I
go and keep in mind I was like the
textbook picture employee they're like
I'm one of three women that perform
there regularly at the time like
headlining women I bake cookies for the
waitresses I would bust my hump to get
there because there there's times where
was written in stone like it's 8:45 can
I get 850 I'm running no this is the
time like I was I never ran the light
like I was really respectful and like an
hour later he calls me yelling at me
uh-huh you did not say you are taking
your podcast to levity which is the
governing for those of you know the body
that owns a lot of the Improv Xand
they're a huge thing he told you told me
you're going to the Improv I just said
I'm taking it elsewhere it didn't it
didn't occur to me to say it but it also
loved it he's so big
it's like I didn't even think oh it's a
competing thing I think of the factory
is a couple of clubs and Lebanese more
of like an enterprise yeah plus I don't
play my factory clothes right uh just
yelling at me acting like I did this
duplicitous thing he hangs up on me
hangs up on me
grown man uh and I go on the web site
that night my name is taken down off all
the shows I'm pretty sure he removed my
face from that mosaic of comics outside
I am persona non grata
and so he's ever tell you the conclusion
of this no it really hurt my feelings
really and I'm the kind of person if you
shut a door in my face I will nail it
closed and I call the Laugh Factory and
all the girls that are working there and
I said why didn't anyone like we're all
cool like did no one even stand up for
me like I didn't really do anything
wrong and this one girl goes you know
he's just really stressed a lot of
people are leaving the production office
so I think he's stressed cuz a lot of
employees are leaving and I go
left and she said this one girl who
doesn't matter the name said this one
girl and I go okay give me her number
and I called her and I said hi it's
Eliza because she works my podcast and I
was like I will give you X amount of
money if you walk out of the Laugh
Factory today and come work for me and
it was a good chunk of cash and she was
like I was like I need the answer by
noon I'll be at Kings Road cafe there
was no reason to put a clock on it I was
just feeling really he put a power
milligan and that's who's sitting in our
lobby now she's been my assistant for
four years I rescued her she's my angel
on my heartbeat and only recently were
they like she can come back because my
face is on the side of the fucking
building oh you can come back now yeah
do you come back I went I did one show
back
did you hey did you see Jamie no I said
I said I go I he doesn't need to
apologize but I'm walking in with my
head held high I'm doing my set I'm not
like everybody was super cool he's not
there because he forms it out now to
other Booker's yeah did he put your
video up on YouTube did he film your set
I told all I told Brian monarch I go I'm
going cuz I'm I'm doing another show
there too I go I'm going if you film me
I will have a Kramer moment like I will
flip out on you in an epic way like it
is it is a non-negotiable thing so they
said no no I talked to Bill about this
he goes nah they don't do that if you
ask them they don't put your video up I
go yeah
I go look for your videos yeah we're in
the fucking green room of the Ice House
he goes what the fuck old comedy - well
it doesn't matter I mean Chappelle
that's one of the reason why Chappelle
won't go there yeah he went there just
to work out and they this is one he was
not doing shows and not doing specials
and they put all his shit online
no no asking him no nothing I think that
they the I'm just I think they've got
like new management there whatever but
like it's it trickled down from the top
oh sure there's no way anybody's like
just recording people on their own and
putting it on the on the fucking
Internet no they know that it's not cool
and they're doing it anyway I also yeah
it's uh for people don't know like how
Comedy Works we need to work out like if
you if a lies er comes up with a bit
tonight and and works on tonight that's
if someone records it and films it and
puts it online that bits fucked cuz that
bits not done that it's a baby you're
being judged on that bit it would be
like anything if you were an athlete and
you went to a workout and they're like
well you can't make the team you're like
well I'm still working out and I'm not
I'm gonna get bigger just not even just
that it's like eating a half baked cake
it's yeah it's it's just you know the
premises cooked like you fuck the
premise up it's now it's like it's out
there yeah it's tricky because we we
rely on live audiences and you know
thankfully most the vast majority of
people that come to comedy clips
particularly in LA are really cool like
we have no problems with this it's not
an issue but this is a thing that we
need you know we need and because
everyone has a recording device now it
used to be like difficult to bring a
recording device into a comedy club now
everyone has them by default on the
phone my favorite thing is I understand
if you're Dave Chappelle and you're like
I need your phone zipped up because this
is you know sacred material and these
are you know we all have our material
that we need to make money off of some
comics are bigger than others my
favorite is one shitty comics or like we
need your phones taken away I'm like
nobody's checking for your act like
nobody's taking your act unless you say
something stupid yeah there's that and
then they'll try to ruin your career
with it should be a social contract The
Improv does that with every show I love
that and by the way I'm there this
Friday night 1030 just announced it just
just put it up online I'm also there
this week but I don't have my phone with
me I'm just doing 15 minutes foods but I
that to me I think it slows it down at
the improv um OWSLA I've never but it
worried I'm more aware mm-hmm they're
just not checking the goddamn phone all
the time one of my favorite shows that
ever did when I was doing that when I
was when I prepare for my Netflix
special the last couple months before I
did all my shows with these phone backs
it gets to be a pain yeah especially
when you do in giant places but in Miami
is the best cuz Miami everyone is doing
coke and no one's paying attention to
anything and they're all looking at
their phones constantly so you could
look you could use your phone but you
got to leave the building to use your
phone so everyone was getting up and
going out and coming down and coming in
so during the show it was just constant
oh my god oh my god sitting down the
only place at
all the places I did Miami was the only
place where people were constantly
getting up and sitting they're not even
aware that like you're doing a
performance yeah like we don't care well
Miami's just crazy it's it's own thing
yeah it's another country it really is
it's wild it's fun it's great place to
visit I love Miami I love the food I
love the people I love the attitude down
there but it's just it's not the best
place to perform you said that to me in
an airport once I remember everything
you say you said that to me now I feel
better feeding it but we were in an
airport and you were going to Miami I
was going somewhere else and you were
like if you like something like if you
want to starve if you want to start to
the open a library in Miami open a
bookstore
oh but a bookstore cuz I remember
thinking well no one makes my name
elaborate open but you said that and I
always remembered you said that I've
only played Miami proper once but I
always play like Fort Lauderdale and all
the things around it I used to do the
improv with Joey Diaz we just go down
and do that improv down there and
Coconut Grove
it was a battleground Florida Club and I
love Joel bash cop with all of my heart
some of these like West Palm Beach I'm
there five sold-out shows for
Valentine's Day nobody's laughing I'm
like why did you come these tickets cost
you money and it's just and then people
like oh we did love it it's the weirdest
you're pulling from the polar ends of
every demographic to comprise a Florida
audience well they all escaped to
Florida
yeah I'm where else the people that are
born and raised there whoa
that being said Tampa and Orlando
fucking fire like awesome mmm maybe it's
a condo is a lot of people visiting too
yeah
Orlando is like maybe that's a
Disneyland Universal like that's a giant
part of Orlando's people that are
visiting yeah and I always like Tampa
it was always cool I remember playing
the Jacksonville comedy zone I liked
West Palm I've always had a good time on
West Palm I had a good time cuz I made a
lot of money and everybody was nice but
I remember thinking like this is like
blood from a stone really it was like
Valentine's Day weekend and I use a
bunch of dudes I get dragged there by
their fucking wives it's it's a I always
make that joke you're never in the room
like though or it'll be in the main room
and there's always dudes you can tell
the dudes that are there for Marc Maron
and the dudes that are there for Rogan
because there's like there's just a
different tethers
two different types of dudes and I
always make a joke like if something
doesn't mom like I'm like every guys
like job where's Rogan that's why I
showed up what's she doing here where's
Rogan and they always laugh cuz they're
like friendly Apes right they're
friendly Apes but the you can tell the
guys that are there for you these guys
are there for mayor and you could tell
but cuz they're by themselves I just say
they're all in flannel did someone told
me they had he had like the highest
number ever of single tickets sold in
all these different venues I always
encourage I like mark of course you do I
love duck we're both in a movie coming
out together oh yeah what is it it's
called Wonderland it's a Mark Wahlberg
Winston Duke Peter Berg movie like you
and Peter Berger friends I like that guy
yeah you guys are the same vibration and
uh we're in a movie together and he
plays a reporter and I play love
interest I'm reticent to say but he was
great in the Joker
he's great you that Joe come over though
I always encourage people there I was
like you know you get a damn I'm like I
don't want to go to your show alone I
might come alone it's a dark room
nobody's gonna ever make for them and
and you meet at least in my shows you
make friends yeah cuz people who
everybody wants to feel good it's okay
bring it dog come along I've talked to
people like that too is it lame to come
to your show alone just come on who
cares go to the movies by yourself gets
yeah there's some good the cool thing
about groups are people going to see
things is it you're feeding off the vibe
of all the people there it's not just
it's an experience yeah it's not virtual
reality you're worth people it's an
experience and you're there and by the
way how bad of a comic am i if people
are noticing an audience member alone
yeah like if that's the focus well the
only problem would be like a place like
the store they'd have to sit somebody at
your table because every place is like a
two table but then it looks like you're
with them that's right and when I come
to pick on you well know
yeah then we'll know then Oh PS you the
ones by themselves they always seat them
I don't know if I asked for it in the Oh
are they always seat them in the front
so we're some just here alone I'm like
that's cool but it's weird you're right
in the front
well that's cuz it's easy to do right
because it's not a table it's a bar you
know there's on yeah in front parts like
just a long line a large table yeah yeah
it's not it doesn't like you're next to
someone you could easily be right next
to someone you have no idea who they are
I can always tell where the
like I can tell who's together like
shapes go with different shapes and you
can tell like where that line is I'm
like you're a school shooter you're
sitting alone these two were together so
yeah the O R is the fucking ultimate
University for comedy you learned so
much about whether your act sucks or
where your acts act like whether or not
it's getting better you know it's it's
such a we're so lucky I think about that
sometimes like when I think about living
somewhere else because I do want to live
somewhere else and I probably never
totally live somewhere else I'll
probably keep a place here always
because I feel like there's something
about being able to go to the store it's
so goddamn powerful it's like we're so
fortunate that we all work together you
know and any given show would be you and
me and D'Elia and Whitney and Joey Diaz
and Kalin and slight fucking god I'm
lucky yes we're so fucking lucky it's
like a thick like there's always on the
lineup there's always like a dense
murderous chunk yeah and I think to
myself like wow I'm so proud to post
these lineups because these are the
people that comic these are the comics
that people want to see like this is
special for them and that's this
dangerous weird energy place is our home
and other comics you know people are
very intimidated by the store which I
totally get because there's a dark
energy there but I always feel like I'm
part of the Addams Family I'm like yeah
but that dark castle is my home yeah
well it's a tight-knit group of humans
you know we're all real close to each
other in a weird way in a weird way but
I've never like I'll never go to Brian
Callens house like I don't know where
you live like not never but like we're
close right and I love seeing you guys
but like but outside of that for some of
us I mean I think it just depends yeah I
think we spent enough time with each
other at the fucking store on the road
with a lot of guys you know so that's
different cuz when you're on the road
together you really like family you know
like if I'm on the road with Diaz or Ari
or Hinchcliffe or any of those guys like
you know we eat together we work out
together we're just bullshitting
together walking to the mall together
and hanging out like it's all we're
together all day and you have systems in
place there's like a comfort you bring
you know you bring your friends because
there's a trust there there's a
shorthand
my features hunter hill you know hunter
no I don't he's huge
and he's so funny and it's like I I'm so
proud to be able to be in a place in my
career where I can foster bring another
comic and watch them grow and I'm so
proud of him and to get to share my
audience with him like that's part of
being an established comic that joy it's
like having like a childlike of giving
them these opportunities yeah and to
show them you also have this opportunity
to show other comics
the right way to tour and the right way
to treat a comedy club waitress and the
right way to speak to your tour like
there's so many shitty comics out there
that do things wrong and I very early on
decided like these are the rules that I
want a tour with and this is how I want
to treat people and you pass that on
other comics learn from older comics
yeah that's the only way we learned
about everything really right we've been
talking about this a lot lately that
there's nothing written written down by
people like us by like legitimate
established comedians with specials who
headline all over the country in the
world there's nothing written down by us
because there's no rules it's all so
fluid but even that just that fact you
know like I feel like there's there's
there's a book out there that should be
written and it should probably be done
by us where we kind of just talk about
how everyone has a different process
everyone's got a different way of doing
it because young comics I mean it takes
a long there's there's a lot of like
wasted energy trying to figure out how
to do it and no one can really figure
out how to do it themselves until they
just have experience and do it but you I
want to know how you write I want to
know how you what do you do when you
have a premise like how do you go up do
you do it different than D'Elia does it
do you do it different than Diaz does
how does Bill start his set right
wouldn't we he throws away all his
material because he just felt a special
right and he started how does he start
new you know what do you do and also by
the way you can read all about the
people that read about comedy and then
think that's the way to do it you won't
know till you go run and that's why when
I you know I had to somebody reach out
to me recently like I'm getting up
pretty regularly getting laughs pretty
regularly I'm like the key is pretty
regularly it has to be regularly you
know what it's pretty regularly right
and I'm like this is a commitment this
is a craft this is a passion this isn't
a hobby if you want to
hobbie you're gonna get hobby a hobbyist
results you know that's a good way to
put them and so you got to put
everything in because it's the only way
you know how to operate but just because
I write a certain way doesn't mean that
works for you like I don't write
anything down run some people I remember
one comic had a recipe box of jokes and
he would go through and each one was
categorized is that insane for sure was
he good
no but everybody's got their way that
they do it and if it works it works yeah
it's not you know it you can't knock it
yeah I think that everyone has their own
way for sure and I think you can learn
from other people's ways and maybe try
them out and also you gotta realize like
someone like you is been doing it
forever and doesn't write anything down
that's very different than someone who's
just starting out who doesn't write
anything down like you should probably
write some shit down yeah a couple key
words yeah something
yeah and record your sets fuck but it's
the thing about it is that there's the
the consequences like if you really want
to make it as a comic you must literally
dedicate your life to it particularly in
the beginning like you have to I was
talking about this yesterday other day I
was like because so many people do
comedy now even less did it when you
started and not it you know and so many
people do it now and there's so many
avenues for comedy so many different
ways you can do it so many more
opportunities I really give the people
that do it now that are starting out
credit because if I were if I just
decided I wanted to start comedy now it
would seem insurmountable mmm just how
intimidating it is getting in
everybody's in UCB everybody to stand up
everybody I feel that way about podcast
too though you know I was telling what
to do podcast I'm like just fucking do
it it's a if you can figure out how to
do it it's an amazing way to make a
living and so many people can do it it's
like anything else like comedy like
anything else you just start it and do
it but there's so many people doing it
now I mean the numbers are fuckin
astonishing there's no litmus test for
like what's a decent but if you're good
I really feel like even though there's
are 700,000 podcast if you have
something that's unique and interesting
and you build some people will find it
people find it the cream rises at the
top and that's with comedy to you know
go do your set don't blame anyone else
put in the work there's nobody out there
who's fucking awesome that isn't making
steps toward being better undeniable yes
yeah there's nobody out there that's
like a brilliant comic and it's like
yeah nobody will give me stage time it's
been that way for a decade if you are
good people will support you a lot of
people won't but you have to just move
in that direction and even if you are
that shitty comic that we were talking
about at the beginning like don't let us
be the ones to tell you no yeah don't
you feel like in this day and age though
comics are way more supportive of each
other than when you started
yeah and I'm at a different level now so
I don't it's weird I was thinking about
the commerce room when you start there
you're like a freshman and now you can
become an upperclassmen and the
upperclassmen stay upperclassmen like
you were an upperclassmen when I started
but now I'm also an upperclassmen and
these people go from being people you
look up to to being your colleagues and
among successful comics it's less
cutthroat you know and I think because
of the pendulum shift in our society
people are a little bit kinder or
whatever but all that toxic energy that
was at the store in particular and in
comedy I remember when I started kind of
flushed out not really tolerated as much
oh it's gone it's a hundred percent kon
there's no that there's no like we've
got a lady doorman
it's crazy place now and and Adam I
think to his credit kind of is
responsible for a chunk of that chef
hundred percent and I think the
resurgence of our audience is I would
say in large part due to you and your
podcast and Maren and his podcast Bret
Ernst said this to me a while ago and I
agreed with it he was like podcasts
people hear it and they come to the
store and it's become more of a
destination because it for a while like
the store was like whatever well there's
a prelude to that when Pauly Shore had a
show when remember the head and minding
the store
yeah well when he had money the store I
was at the store and I remembered
there's this giant crowd in the front
bar and I was like what is going on and
Pauly was out there and people were like
well the show minding the store has
really jumped up the amount of people
coming it didn't last
you know the show didn't last either but
there was an impact and I remember the
impact we're going oh that's crazy yeah
look how many people watch the show it
all of a sudden in the Comedy Store
became like this destination but now
when you think about podcasts like this
one there's gonna be heard or in seen by
millions of people and the other ones
that we've done have also been and then
the other you know done fucking how many
comics on podcast like total hundreds of
them all those are like a free
advertisement for the greatest spot on
earth for stand-up yeah and you get to
say your spots and people come and they
just want to be part of it I was in a
like a novelty store in Sweden I was
buying like a plate with like a cartoon
chicken on it and this really cute guy
because I like the little things it was
like I got it for my assistant it had
like a like a tchotchke right and the
guy who obviously liked it wasn't his
dream job just like a dude and I was
talking and he was like I've heard you
on Joe Rogan and I was like I'm in
Sweden in like a girly plate shop and
here's this dude who probably like
fucking loves MMA and you and recognize
my voice across the world in like the
weirdest little plate store and I was
like that's the power of comedy like it
reaches that far and you get to tour
like I got to go on tour I got to go to
Malaysia to do comedy it was a like
fucking lit they were I to me I did this
whole Asia tour and I was like Malaysia
is of all the countries I did because I
did Hong Kong and I did Japan and there
was one more and I'm blanking on it Oh
Singapore and of all of them I had not
been to Malaysia I'd been to the others
and I had less context from Malaysia I
knew some of my clothing was made there
and I knew that we ship a lot of our
recycling there or try to but I had no
contacts and it's interesting because
you're there and everyone is in a hijab
and they're Asian so that's like you
don't see that a time yeah cuz they're
all Muslim Muslim Imams it look like
Asian and like Japanese or Chinese
yeah like Asian Wow and they were just
the crowd was on fire real I thought
it's gonna be super conservative weird I
made fun of the Chinese a little bit
they were like yes and they just went
nuts and they were awesome and I just
remember thinking like and some people
are expats but a lot of them were just
full-on Malaysian and it's all because
of Netflix and I was like that's it's so
special to have your comment I'm gonna
go tour in Russia like places that you
have no real context for are feeling
your heart and they're understanding
what you're saying and it's resonating
with people that are nothing like you
you're gonna tour in Russia yeah
I'm going to Europe like it's just cool
and then they know other comics like
they know who you are they know who
other people and it's just it's this
secrets this like language at this
community that where you and I are
members of and people all want to be
part of it right because people want to
feel seen and heard and that comedy
validates that weird voice in your head
and it lets you know that you're not
alone and for so many people that feel
alone it's so powerful to feel like
you're being seen and that somebody
understands you mm-hmm and that's why
it's so important have so many different
kinds of comedy different shapes and
colors just so people can choose who
they resonate with right I'm never gonna
be able to reach everyone and that's
okay yeah of course
touring and rush is gonna be a trip she
let's just did that I'm gonna ask Bert
Kreischer for tips did Bert work over
there well no but show machine yeah
gotta get drunk on a train yeah my right
tell you how to get drunk anywhere I got
a letter today
I'm going to Vietnam and it was in bold
and I've been to Vietnam before like for
funsies but it was in bold and it was
like this like written out like
imprisonment will be issued there will
be no jokes about do not mention Vietnam
War Vietnam like all these things and I
legit was like I do mention the Vietnam
War so just please remind me day before
not to have that one joke it's not a
joke about the Vietnam War I just it's
in there as part of the set up but some
countries like you do military shows
they have like a no burden list like you
can't there's certain things you can't
say you know you do a military show yeah
you can't make like drug jokes please
not make fun of the president which I
get and some countries are like no
fucking joke do not say it like so yeah
they wouldn't let you joke about Vietnam
sorry sorry about all that I feel like I
could but then like try explaining
contacts to someone that just wants you
in jail yeah I was going to China I did
Hong Kong and I had Beijing and they
cancelled it to honor so random the
Tiananmen Square massacre which of
course should have been honored prior
but it wasn't and they cancelled all
comedy not that there was a ton across
the land and so but they canceled they
canceled it and it's that it's just a
thing where we're very lucky in this
country you can say whatever you want
your rights under your neighbours nose
we that freedom is totally not to be
taken for granted and other countries
are aware of our freedom too and I
wonder how long they're gonna keep the
bullshit up in places like China I
wonder how long they gonna be able to do
that because like you see what's
happening in Hong Kong where Hong Kong
is rebelling against theirs I was there
what protests were happening we had to
move the hotel cuz it was like in this
like Civic area whoa it's I think was
like on Kowloon Bay or something and
I'll be a thousand percent honest it was
so congested and busy there but if I
didn't know there were protests going on
I wouldn't have known it was and now
it's probably grown a lot but I mean
it's ongoing those people they got a
message and they're not backing down
they're not backing down what's
incredible is it's been going on for
months and months and months it's like
new activity people are just in the
streets but a lot of people have been
shot on video you know by cops and we
just watch it I mean and it's like it
just happens and it's not a big deal
it's insane but we definitely have these
social liberties and and I don't take it
for granted and some of these country
and then part of me is like okay some
venues are big some venues are small if
I make a joke that you don't like is
that gonna be run up the flagpole I
don't want to take the chance I know
it's so interesting where it's such a
strange tipping point culturally in this
country and then worldwide you know okay
what you know England just had their big
elections Jeremy Corbyn lost but he did
a video where he was saying how he's
running for president or whatever it is
Prime Minister what is it over there
Prime Minister yeah I'm watching the
crown he said his fuckin pronouns he
said my pronouns are him he okay can I
just put this out there I'm super pro
trans I'm Pro fluid sexuality if you are
a straight male we know your fuckin
pronouns are him he well even if you're
a gay male you're a gay male your
pronouns your geeky him too if your
pronouns are something or what it looks
like you are yeah I don't think you need
that to me that was very white night he
heard he it's a hundred percent white
nighty yeah it was very cringy and I
think a lot of people like there's like
some borderline people like fuck this
guy with this he am sure your pronoun I
want to say him they Z whatever great he
him when you are when you're he hmmm
everybody you know it's just such a
thing a ploy you know my pronouns are
he/him like oh no you didn't you fuck
you're 60 years old because what is this
it gets other it's it's such a valid
thing for other people and then it makes
people I roll just a little bit and then
I think it takes away from the plight
the genuine laws of the trans community
yeah
which fully supportive of yeah if you
want to be called she or her fine I
again I'm not down with the made-up
words I end up words can all go fuck
themselves the sir and zigs well also
you wouldn't know unless someone told
you like don't get mad at me for not
innately knowing that I should have said
you should have alley you should have
asked the pronouns no you got to tell me
no no you have to ask that's the new
rule you should you must comply I'm
really bad at asking questions Oh like
if someone will be like how's your day
I'm like great and I talked and I always
have to remind myself like how no was
your boring day because there's no punch
lines in this answer people ask me and I
always assume they're just interested
and then I realized they're making small
talk
I should ask I should return the fire
mm-hmm right I don't know your beatings
are the worst when someone comes over
and just starts rattling off about how
their day was and there's nothing there
nothing like and then I want to try to
find a lighter but you know how hard it
is to find a lighter and then I went to
this store there was no lighter and I
was like do you know where I can get a
lighter here's the other day somebody
was talking to me and I the words came
out like a burp I couldn't stop it I
just want stop stop telling me stop
talking what I did comfortable with that
person oh stop talking oh you were
comfortable wasn't a stranger that's the
difference no yeah sometimes you got to
give people a minute they're not as
verbally accurate mmm but yeah but yeah
mm-hmm as we both think yeah so Malaysia
is where is it on the map what sit next
to Singapore it's like Singapore's
younger I guess Singapore's the younger
but they're poor is a lot of expats
right a lot of expats a lot of money
it's very sterile sterile like it's not
like a party but they have a lot of my
crazy laws there right if you fuck up
that cane you remember the kid yeah
that's that was our introduction to
Singapore as white America that kids got
scars on his ass to this day well here's
a
I can rule don't go to another country
and break their law and think it's cool
cuz you're American right like I have
such a healthy respect as a proud
American I always want to represent well
talk about it my axe I'm not gonna do
the bit but I really am cognizant of the
fact that people in many cases look up
to us and or are jealous of us and like
with anybody if you give them a reason
to be like what an American Pig and I
don't I will net like I will always show
you that we are as good as we think we
are that's what I always say about
Hawaii
like people say off you go to Hawaii
they don't like white people I go no
they don't like ass don't like assholes
don't litter is one of the nicest places
ever do they have a problem with some
white people that come over there and
act like assholes yeah yeah yeah but
like the general look you're gonna find
racists everywhere racist against black
people racist against Hawaii races
against white people racist against
Asians you're gonna find that there's
certain people that are just they don't
like others right that's it's just how
it is
but for the most part Hawaii is cool as
fuck they just want you to respect their
land the way that they do and I get it
uh it's funny because my mom anything
I'm like I'm going these countries she's
like don't walk around alone you Jewish
be careful and you're at a Jewish by the
way like anti-semitism is rampant alive
and well yo you can pull it off you
don't look anti-semitic like what does
that mean you have a tiny little nose
well I paid for it what was it like
before you got it whacked heared no it
was just different it was like you know
that's what ever my dad calls it the
chin ski hook every one of my family has
this nose my Nana whose last name was
chin ski and it's just my dad has it
looks great on a dude not my favorite
thing I gonna do dudes can have fucked
up noses and it's kind of noble so my
husband has like a big nose right cuz
he's got some fella he loves you laugh
Italian half Jewish and I said to him
cuz I'm like this isn't my nose and if
we have a baby I'm like whoa and that
can it's a girl and she's got that nose
she better be fucking great at
basketball or brilliant mmm because just
get her nose fixed I don't know be her
choice I would want to know it matches
your face like if I didn't know good
guys jaws fixed I would yeah well
sometimes too because I had one you know
yo I look and I
I can spot one a mile away like a nose
job and a lot of people have big noses
and they get these scooped out things
that don't fit their face because
everybody wants like a cute little yeah
gosh knows boyish and it doesn't fit if
you're like if you've got like a long
face and you have this scooped out nose
right it's tell like if re got a little
nose like yours we'd be like what in the
fuck is going on dude had a little elfin
nose right but I have a small head I'm
small mouth it's a syndrome mmm and I've
tiny nose now but uh yeah but that's it
I think the blonde hair throws people
smell as good as he used to be able to
yeah I have your nose holes are probably
smaller no my nostrils were always small
I had I got when I was 18 so like who
remembers anything before that right I
have keen olfactory senses I can smell
it's like a problem like a wolf like if
you had a cigarette yesterday I would be
able to tell you now really I it's a
problem it makes it difficult for me
like what is that one where people not
am like where people have sense like
we're loud noises upset them yeah I
don't know the word what is it I have
that with smells mmm and it's difficult
just around people and I'm constantly
having I'm constantly like being tagged
like just mentally attaching things and
places of smells like I'm just having
not DejaVu but experience fucking
useless until I got it fixed I got so
much that's the problem everybody says
they did deviate or sometime I did I
would deviated septum my nose is
actually wider I think after the
operation cuz they stuff something I had
to get these turbinates they're called
cleaned up they had they had to cut the
inside of my nose out and it was also
calcified yeah
because you know like cauliflower ear
you know that is when guys do fucked up
here's from wrestling I squeeze it I
have that inside my nose so the inside
of my nose was all hard with a lot of
people that have been hit in the nose
and like scar tissue and just it swells
well yeah what it is is when you have
blood under skin the reason why you get
calcium or the cauliflower ear it's
actually what happens is the blood
calcifies and the blood actually
literally becomes a rock right so like
when you see cauliflower ear like I've
seen guys get their cauliflower your
broken off it falls off yeah there's a
video this guy he loses his car
flower ears see we can find it Jamie
just Google collie forget us on the map
it's white it's white like a white stone
like now see it really is cows sure yeah
so that was inside my nose so they had
to open up my nose well you know with
fucking forceps and shit carve all this
stuff out and then they had to shove
these molds like these like to format
yeah well it's like foam like like a
hard like a you know soft you know dense
foam so look at that year on the ground
that is yep but that's that's just the
calcified part that's just the calcified
but it's all the skin attached to it I
was relieved
probably but guys like it because it
makes them feel like a full moon well
you can spot a fighter I'll see him in
airports I mean they're always also in
sweatpants and sliders but yeah that
doesn't go away she fought Jessica I and
Jessica I fucked her here up and to the
point where her cauliflower ear broke
off and you could see inside of her head
like her ear was hanging down you could
lick look into her head it's hard to see
from that picture that's not I mean it's
cool you're cool with that I think about
how sweaty my ears get in these
headphones so I can't imagine being
punched in the ear repeatedly well I
always wore a headgear always from
grappling that's why I don't have any
cauliflower ear well so you're not like
a little tiny peices but you know that
little spot little tight spot yeah I
always ask if I can squeeze it and they
always say yes and it's never satisfying
as I don't walk yeah yeah I want to
squish it here's Randy Couture told me
used to shove it in people's faces like
when he was wrestling he said driving
into people's eye sockets like that
whole thing is a giant rock well props
to him for having the precision in
battle to be able to do that along all
the grappling he's a savage he just had
a fucking heart attack yeah it's crazy
55 years old he was working out and he's
like um I gotta get a doctor just went
straight to the doctor and like dude you
just had a heart attack
I'm so fucking tough like no notice sir
I'll eat my own heart I don't have any
sports injuries I don't think I ever
played a sport you have no sports
injuries at all no I feel like a lot of
girls like get knee surgery in high
school and stuff like that maybe I just
was
playin hard enough you don't have you
you never played any sports I played
sports I just don't have any I played
lacrosse oh you were so white so white
that's so why it's such a practice go
that's the widest sport of all time
played lacrosse in Texas so rough sport
though cool people don't know people
crack people with those sticks what I
lacked in genuine athletic ability I
made up for an aggression whoa so
there's nothing worse than an athlete
that's not good but they're very
aggressive I think that flavored you as
a human but maybe yeah it wasn't cute
well it's not cute well I think of girls
playing the crosses like hair all over
the place and fucking this face in
skirts
yeah I gotta ejected from a game one
time so hard that I wasn't allowed to
sit with my team like what's a shade
beyond a red card mm-hmm like a black
beating heart what did you do I hit a
girl with the stick yeah with my car
thumb in your hand or something now I
have my stick and it was unlawful and
they made me sit next to my parents in
the stands and it was so humiliating
good for you pat you on the head Gertie
was pretty good fuck those bitches up I
played defense though so I wasn't really
a part of it I had a buddy of mine who
played lacrosse in high school and I
remember taught he was like tell me I
was crazy to fight and I was like what's
to stop someone from hitting you with
those sticks but you guys are running
into each other man I could Mike don't
kid yourself I'm like you're doing
something violent you're just doing
something violent under this weird
pretend thing yeah under pretend
civility yeah boys get pads and helmets
and girls do not what the fuck is that
all about cuz girls aren't supposed to I
mean you're it's a physical sport but
boys it's like football with sticks
did you like just pick it up like a
baseball bat and crack this chick in the
head like how would you do it over your
head and come down that's not okay right
my nickname was that I think it was like
oh butcher because like you hold your
stick and you come down so hard because
you know what it comes out on the field
and women are not allowed to be
aggressive it's a thing where it's like
on sports day like you know we're skirt
be ladies represent and you got dudes
just running around ripping people's
heads off
raping villages and one girl takes her
shirt off at a World Cup game Megan
Rapinoe does something it's like whoa
I just got back from the UFC there's
three women fights this weekend that's a
different thing pretty intense and
that's okay now but for other sports
it's always expected that women conduct
yourselves like ladies right that's not
what it's sport it says nothing to do
with the real world it has to do with
trying to win but it also has violated
the rules I broke the rules because
otherwise like if everybody was just
swinging at each other there would be a
tip totally different sport no I was not
great and I own that what did you do did
you just swing it over your head I
probably just came down but a hammer
yeah like if you have too much like
torque built up like I had and I hit and
you're not supposed to you know her on
the head you can give a tap a tap to get
the ball out of the thing I didn't hit
her on the head I think I I probably hit
her stick so hard
I don't remember my friend was telling
me people get concussions high school is
only like three years ago I'm like how
many people you know you've been getting
concussions from lacrosse it was like a
lot I was like bro you're in a violent
sport it's a violent sport fucking
violent sport and it's oddly not a
professional sport because I think it
would be an exciting professional it's a
professional sport but it's not it's not
a widely received one I'm gonna make any
money playing lacrosse it's like it's
bowling right it's not no good they do
have it I have a friend that plays
professionally and I don't know who's
watching it but they do it right but
what do you think that it would be like
hockey legit yeah
rugby should be our football that's what
I think I think the mathletes less
concussions they had less concussions
back when they were playing with those
little leather helmets and little tiny
pads cuz you just couldn't do what these
guys are doing
you're just smashing into your head as a
battering gigantic super athletes in
their prime running a preposterous
species undescribable power yeah those
guys are so fucking strong when you're
around a real professional football
player she's huge there are no they look
like Brendan Schaub plus right but you
know when you're around Shaw how fucking
biggie is imagine him plus 60 70 pounds
that's these guys I get a joke 300 seen
four people here they're so big it
doesn't make sense and they're running
at each other full clip it's terrifying
it's terrifying and it's so bad for your
fucking brain that being said I would
like to go to a Rams game yeah
to see the new stadium yeah I like to go
in to learn them one of them big
bulletproof hamster wheels you know and
play but nobody could see me no so
nobody just a skybox cuz field fight
what are you talking about game we talk
about two different things Rams what are
you talking about ball I'm saying go in
the audience but being like a
bulletproof box why don't you sit in a
skybox it is bulletproof that's true and
you can do not didn't need not down with
the people yeah is that what you want to
give us a proletariat well with the
Raiders game that's how it wants a
Raiders game oh boy a bulletproof box
yeah James have boxes on the field
bulletproof boxes and about bulletproof
honestly I was thinking Raiders but the
Raiders game is you the Raiders are
going to Vegas now right it's gonna be
more violent because there's no loyalty
is just people coming and getting fucked
up and being like Raiders
that's a weird sport or a weird team
right because the Raiders are synonymous
with thugs yes it's like one of the only
sports or one of the only teams where
the audience is synonymous with thugs I
always think of fraser-smith joke was
all these like thugs at Knott's Berry
Farm and it's like just like some
teenagers it's like boo Raiders bitch
and I always think of that like some kid
and like a sheet just scaring you and
yelling Raiders but I think having a
transient audience for a home team is
kind of a thing of course people live in
Las Vegas but by and large it will be a
tourist attraction mm-hmm
because it's also in the fall and winter
so it's a not sweltering time of year to
go to Las Vegas and I don't know it'll
be interesting to see like hometown
pride and what that fan looks like when
you're in a city where everybody's
always coming in I don't believe it's
real I don't think I mean Vegas is a
real town there are real locals there
but I don't think there's enough to show
like hometown pride especially for
something like the Raiders Iran fuck in
LA
they're from LA and then they're from
Oakland yeah and now they're here in
Vegas but they're not from Vegas and I
don't think the Rams I mean to me I
don't really even know anyone that
watches football and it's a it's weird
that we're getting a football team yeah
I wonder what would happen if players
were not allowed to switch teams well
it's just like a sentence like if you
take the
oh you're like Larry Bird you're in the
fucking Celtics for life you know like
there's back when I was a kid I didn't
watch sports but I remember like players
were on teams like Michael Jordan was on
the right yeah I that was how it was
with the Cowboys growing up whether she
wants it or not like it was a part of
your life mm-hmm and all those guys are
forever synonymous like Deion Sanders
prime time 21 baby look that's the
Dallas Cowboys and I remember there was
a DJ who passed away who did Kidd
Kraddick and he was the kiss FM DJ in
the morning that God passed away passed
away no as soon as that Art Attack but I
remember he would always this is not
that funny but he would always say I'm
from Dallas Texas where the Cowboys play
and I would say that for years because I
thought that was like a cool source of
practice it's America's team and then I
realized all that did was open up the
conversation to someone being like whoa
Cowboys and I don't have the information
to back it up right and I don't want to
have that conversation right you'd have
a debate about the Cowboys versus blank
like saying I'm four years on stage at
like a shitty club I feel like I'm from
Dallas and you'd always get a guy like
no fuck the Cowboys I'm like cool dude
not attached to it like this is not
gonna be how this hour goes but uh ya
know real but it is a part of your
upbringing sports dudes love to get
angry there's something about sports
radio and sports broadcasting they love
to get shitty about athletes that guy's
a pussy to fucking play I was in
Montreal last week and I was just
sitting in a cafe and I was just
listening to these two french-canadian
guys go in on just shitting on other
parts of Canada and other cities and the
stuff he was it was savage like they eat
their own in Canada and it was just
shitting on the leaves and shitting on
Winnipeg arts a city of degenerates
that's why they lock it down at 10:00
like just losing it and then I tweeted I
instagrammed about it and then the rest
of the Canadians weighed in on how much
they hate French Canada became a thing
and I'm like not as much hockey
well French Canada is a different
candidate it's a different thing that's
great I love it up there
I love Quebec but they bound us a seed
they want us to seed since I've been
going up there since the 90s yeah people
get froggy when it comes to the brexit
thing but nobody even brags it the
England's not pumped about that
Northern California wants us the seed
well Bret
so weird because brexit is you know
they're part of the European Union it's
almost like Texas leaving the United
States my whole thing is whatever I
understand the reasons wanting that the
second somebody tries to invade like you
don't have your own militia you don't
have an army
well they this whole European Union
thing is very new though because you
cannot just easily when you're in
England you got to go through the whole
thing when you're going another country
and it used to just be such a chill
thing mm-hmm and now it's a little bit
of a nightmare I haven't done it I
haven't done it haven't traveled to
England since the whole brexit thing has
been going on I did I went through
touring and it should have just been
like just hop on a plane to go to your
other countries just stuck in customs
hoping someone comes for you I don't
know enough about the arguments pro and
con to comment on it honestly well and
it truly doesn't matter because we don't
have a vote in it but I know the dude
looks like a British version of Donald
Trump yeah he looks like there's got
fucked up yellow hair the whole deal it
literally looks like their version of
Trump like a wonky ER if it's possible
younger version walk you're hotter a
little bit they say America sneezes the
rest of the world catches our cold you
know like we do something people will
start to imagine if dudes with fucked-up
blond hair to start taking over the
world I feel like that was Hitler's
vision I feel like that's where they
were right was crazy was like Hitler
didn't look like that brown hair I think
he even had like a Jewish grandma
brown eyes every Jew knows that Jewish
grandma I think it's something like that
look at that guy come on what he looks
like here's some dumb and dumb anyway
he's not hotter
he's just younger when Trump was younger
he was way harder than that didn't know
that guys terrible terrible looking no I
doubt a lot of Trump supporters this
weekend his Colby Covington was fighting
the OSI and he's a big Trump supporter
you know I got to say this this is not
pro Trump but this is pro your own
rights we have this thing in California
I said something I was in a writers room
and I said something about someone who I
knew that voted for my family that voted
for Donald Trump and they really they
someone was like someone in your family
voted for Donald Trump do you still
speak to them and I was like don't get
hyphy with me this idea that you can't I
understand he represents all these
horrible things
but we have to be able to have
conversations you know in this country
and on both sides and other liberals at
times and I say this as a person who's
fairly liberal it's terrifying just
attacking your own allies and creating
no space for a conversation
well liberals used to be when I was a
kid and my parents are hippies and we
lived in San Francisco when I was a
little kid and so I always thought of
liberals as being the people that were
like open-minded you know not wanting to
silence people letting people speak
they're all about people just being
whoever who they are and not not trying
to enforce like rigid patterns of
behavior and thought on people but
that's not the case now because they
think they're doing the right thing I
think they're combating something that's
awful and aggressive and regressive you
know that's something that is that they
feel like the country that they know and
love is slipping away so the
conservative so does everyone but the
response to it is not the right way to
go about it the response to it is to
show a great example of what your your
ideology represents by being a good
person by being open minded by being
kind instead people are being super
super shitty there's so many super
shitty people to think they're doing the
right thing because they're progressive
and although they want good things they
want gay rights and they want racial
equality and they want people to be able
to make more money and it wasn't me
happy and healthy attacking anyone who
from the get-go doesn't agree with you
because by the way if you if you and I
disagree and you calmly want to have a
conversation with me I am very open to
having my mind change of course I want
to be on the right side and I want to do
the best thing if you yell at me and you
call me stupid call me and you're
attacking me and you're on the defense
from the get-go or you're on the offense
from the get-go but just as a person
with pride you're gonna want to be like
you know what I don't want to hear and
fuck you because you represent now all
the good intentions like you're the
representative of all that and I don't
like you yeah so you are um you're an
ambassador for your cause when you speak
I'm really into the environment and
plastic and stuff like that and I am
very specific about how and when I post
about things because you don't want
people to get activism
and you don't want to be the person who
posts about everything because then no
one will listen to anything right and
you don't want to call people out
specifically because just because
somebody carried a plastic bottle that
day doesn't mean they don't drive a
hybrid you don't know what people are
doing right did you see Chris Pratt yeah
Shane I think literally what I'm
thinking of and while I love that he did
that part of me is like that's a little
holier-than-thou shamed him Jason Momoa
is so fucking hot so hot he's on but we
were so especially on line we're so
quick to be like you're not doing it
right we do it with feminism too and you
have no idea right the pious good life
that person is leading and you're
judging them on a snapshot on which you
don't want to be judged on well they
want to judge people the thing is about
it's a lot of what this is about people
that are on the fringes it's the the
ideas are great right but the people
that want attention for espousing these
great ideas oftentimes are the fringe so
the far left and far right a lot of it
what it is it's just people that are
ultra aggressive about enforcing their
ideology and then they're really shitty
and they want other people to comply and
so you get these people that represent
the right and these people that
represent the left but they're a lot of
the ideas of the right in the level it's
nothing wrong with being fiscally
conservative there's nothing wrong with
being Wiccan yes right and you want less
government in your money there's room in
there for conversation but when you go
far right and then you go far left then
there's no room and when you start to
vilify people yeah from the get-go uh
and when you start expecting people I oh
and Benjamin who is just basically as
like in a tinfoil hat somewhere and like
living off the grid he offended a lot of
people right you're staring at me yeah
and almost no and he said a bunch of
them about trans stuff and I remember
there was this girl that I was friends
with on social media didn't know her but
just followed her cuz I liked her
writing that's it
and she deems me one day and she's like
she's like oh and Benjamin like how
could you be like maybe I had I don't
know if I'd interact with him on Twitter
I'm never on Twitter because I think
it's a toxic fuck hole and she was like
she's getting mad at me and I go what
are you talking about she was like he
said all this
stuff that's anti-trans and i hadn't
heard anything but let me let me say
what he said okay and here's the thing
he went off and do a spiral right but I
agree with what he said what he said was
there was someone that he knew someone
who works in Hollywood that had a
three-year-old that they were turning
trans right and he said that that was
child abuse that was what led I don't
disagree with this crazy situation
totally this is my no I agree with it
100 percent don't disagree with that I
agree with
child hundred percent you wouldn't let
that child decide what it's eating right
so that's some really great joke you
don't let this is I wish I could
remember who was they said you don't let
a kid pick their outfit why the fuck
would you let them pick their gender
first I just made yeah but it's somebody
did it right I'm not gonna do the joke
but so that aside and the spiral side
which I didn't even know participate and
like it's whatever like those are your
choices that's what you're saying I had
known because here's the thing that cost
him dearly
his agency left him and then comedy
clubs banned him for that that was the
beginning he just steered into that skid
well that's but that's what started the
skid right what started this game there
was something else about like he called
someone who had written a look that's
not the point of what I'm saying went
south afterwards never managed those
things my point was I knew none of this
so I'm just like going to brunch one day
and this person starts attacking me
offline how can you be friends with him
and I go whoa what are you talking about
she's like he's saying all these
horrible things and I attack you in
person she's in my like direct message
oh and I this is my only point is I said
I've known Owen most of my career let me
go read what you're talking about and
she was angry at me for wanting to
gather information this person is a
trans writer who I literally until that
moment didn't know his trans cuz I was
just a fan based on merit like I just
like the writing mmm-hmm and I said how
dare you shame on you as a journalist
you should applaud that I go and collect
my facts they want compliance like
immediate instantaneous company and I
said I'm an ally and I am Pro trans and
I'm Pro gay rights but you do not get to
bark at me on a Sunday morning when I
have no idea what we're talking about
and getting mad at me and
I don't trust anyone who says they're an
ally about I'm a total but you say that
if you say I'm an ally only I vote and I
eats mrs. Doubtfire that's a little an
alpha power she is just the term allies
gross it's it's okay when other people
use it like he's an ally that guy's a
now is she's an a-line I get that that's
a good way to use it but when you say
I'm an ally I'm like yeah okay nobody
well i'm pro-trans good for you and I
blocked that person I was like you don't
get to bark at me
mm-hmm and tell me for any cause yeah I
too many fucking people live on Twitter
it's not good it's not healthy folks I
don't life talk to people Twitter is
it's become like a subway bathroom wall
like people just told me the exact same
thing last week's is now it on phone
okay because you're just screaming into
a void and all it does is just it just
nets negativity so they're just waiting
for you to fuck up mm-hmm by the way
anybody who's ever said anything awful
to me on Twitter who I've seen in person
they say nothing and I'm new I'm hearts
the only way people should talk it's
face-to-face
yeah louis c.k said that to me we were
talking about this and he said it's just
talk but it's written down so people
think it's like more than it is well
because people but people would say
these kind of things and he would go
you get like she send retweets which are
basically pitchforks but like if you
said something like if you said
something about someone like so you said
something about Bert or something like
that you know and he said it online like
fucking Bert should know a lot about
getting drunk in Russia if he read that
it sounds so bad it's like what the fuck
there's no inflection right buddy right
but if you just said it to me we're
hanging out and then you saw Bert and
hugged him
I wouldn't think you're hypocrites right
right right so it's it's like what Louie
was saying it's just talk
it's beneath what it's written it's talk
without nuance or infection because not
everyone has mastered grammar or
punctuation it's worse especially for us
cuz I say things we talk shit you know
like even now you and I are going on
everything and I'm like I'm gonna face a
firing squad of betas when I get on my
Instagram later blood Rogan and not you
listen there's a certain percentage of
people that are gonna attack every woman
who comes in the show pressure that just
happens but how he's almost always I
break that jessiemae
Jesse man got like super positive
doing it better than you know what's up
oh now she's the only one that I've had
up but maybe how do you know cuz she
told me do you check maybe she's just
like a half glass half-full kind of girl
he was just high all the time I don't
know I don't know anything she's high
all the time
oh yeah I am NOT I know it's like not
cool I am NOT a pot smoker yeah and I
water
nope I mean I did a tripod my brother
grows Elon Musk moment you know man man
did I didn't think his yeah I didn't
think he looked as weird as everybody
thought I was weird but because he was
like trying to like hold it in or
whatever do you know that my brother has
a marijuana farm that's what my brother
does where Northern California and he
does it like he's got a gun like he
grows his plants we're not a farming
people but he that's what he does it's a
great way to make a living right now
makes his living and I am just not I
would like to like it because it seems
like what's wrong with it to you what is
I just think you're gonna be hot boxed
in about 10 minutes I thought that
wasn't a real thing it's a real thing
I've got places to go
you'll be more jovial and outlined you
work I mean I'm good more
community-oriented later the day see I
think it makes me I always people always
like no this is indica into coach and
achieve open your month and I always
feel like it makes me think about death
and I feel uncomfortable and my mind
just starts racing yeah me too I don't
want that because I already think about
death I'm already uncomfortable
it gives look I think I need humility in
every form but it is an excellent form
of humility to me it helps me it helps
me be more humble it helps me be nicer
to people
no it does you are nice I am nice so
what do you reason why I'm nice this
isn't my pot head is maybe a nicer
person I've always been nice but I have
less not nice in me than I ever did
before
I think that just comes with age maybe
two for sure you're very old yes very
ancient no barely alive uh I'm halfway
dead for sure unless everything goes
amazing what is that oh that's uh that's
for my friend Maynard he sent me that
from his farm we were talking about one
of these phones like a black jacket
no that is that gigantic monster is a
tarantula hawk that is a quaint name oh
yeah something out of a beast you arey
they kill
tarantulas they sting the fuck out of
them and lay their eggs in their body
those are monsters they're so big it's
like a little bird so he was explaining
it to me and describing how fucking big
it was then he sent me one a dead one
from his place pretty cool I don't think
it's dead I think it's waiting that's
Maynard from tools bug that's fucking
Santa weed cloud in the room it's
floating over her side of the room
ah yeah it's trying marijuana's try to
talk to you it's like Eliza we have
creativity for and you get it everywhere
it said all the shows they give you and
I just you don't have to I don't you
don't have to you just no need no need
to do you do anything like do you
meditate you do anything to try to alter
your state I do a lot of deep thinking
I'm not as good at meditating as I would
like but I'm very self-reflective
that's good and I do a lot of do you
feel like women that are confident get
kind of like more heat like men that are
confident don't really get that much
heat from women right it's almost like
expected but women that are confident
get hate like when I if I did a woman's
podcast right like a woman's podcasts or
a woman's pot comments like you was a
girl that I did your podcast I don't get
hate which from women sure uh no I don't
get what I wouldn't get hate from women
but I think for certain Matt like
sometimes guys podcast they want to hear
you talk about guys shit you know I talk
about football for at least five minutes
and I hope my talked about how you were
violent as a lacrosse right so are you
rock hard or what Miller well I think
it's um it's not something that I think
about a ton because people always like
always feel confident it's just it's not
like I took a pill to become that way I
just always operated just the way I was
supposed to some people like you some
people don't but I think I think people
get insecure and I think insecurity for
men and women manifests itself in very
ugly ways whether it's women hating
other women for being more attractive
whether it's you didn't get laid so now
you're gonna go shoot up a group of
people yeah and insecurities I talk
about this in my book is just such a
personal ugly thing and people it's you
are constantly putting it on others I
used to be that a girl can have a hot
body and there was zero consequences no
it never was out it was never that girls
didn't like it but there wasn't like
publicly espoused consequence we didn't
have social media right oh definitely
there was hot girls are always called
sluts right always and forever gold
diggers or something like that but salem
witch trial all the men hot bodies oh
yeah but that wasn't real do you know
what that was about the Salem witch
trial was it was about Oh God
they had a late Frost and the late Frost
cause fungus to grow on their wheat they
thought that fungus contains lysergic
acid which is a very similar to LSD so
while these fucking people were eating
their bread and using their wheat and
flour they're getting acid poisoned so
they were thinking that everyone was
witches hmm and it was always probably
men that couldn't get laid and now
you're talking about in America because
it was different that very particular
thing but what came to check to make
sure that I'm that this hasn't been
debunked well tell you that what came
before that in the witch seeking out of
witches in Europe mm-hmm um it was this
widespread thing of course to spread
Christianity but they'd have which
committees like go from town to town to
find people because everybody needs like
a scapegoat and then they check you for
marks and of course a mark could just be
a birthmark and then there's trial by
fire trial by flow you know they used to
tie women down and weigh them down with
rocks and if they drown they weren't a
rich witch Peter survived then they knew
they were witches right you're fucked
either way I listen to Erin man keys
podcast lore and he talks about this
stuff all the time
and he talks about what I'll lure Ella
wari it's awesome about folklore
all different kinds and he talks about
the different trials so you know and
it's all stuff like that we're like
you're kind of damned if you do damned
if you don't regardless like if you we
set you on fire and if you scar then
you're not a righteous man and if you
die you were righteous whoops-a-daisy so
this is the thing was the point o
witches had hot bodies you're talking
about the women having good bodies know
what I was talking about is that women
when they go on a man's podcast a lot of
times just the get women or men rather
will hate on them I owe that what's
going to say that women have
like today women your body shaming or
you're showing an unrealistic body type
and you're feeding into unrealistic body
expectations I've seen that a lot saying
that to another woman yeah yeah there
was an ad that was pulled in England in
the UK because it was like a gym ad and
this girl was in a bikini she had a hot
body I figured what it was for thing was
a gym something like that maybe
sunscreen or some shit but this girl had
a hot body and they made them pull the
ad because it was promoting unrealistic
body expectations but I was like what
isn't well here's the thing it's like
it's a girl like she's a real person
it's not unrealistic you can do it you
can get really fat - that it is are you
bench body but to me that's not maybe an
England that's unrealistic but in LA
that's just normal that is not
unrealistic realistic no it's just
here's my thing here's my thing it's a
hot girl let's say that's her body okay
um I do think we have a problem in our
society like my boobs are real and
because they're big my whole life I mean
my adult life people are like or those
two through and they can't believe that
and I'm like someone's got to have real
tits for you to ask if they're real yeah
they're real some some big ones are real
and it's offensive but it's also like
people are just it's almost like we're
so fed all of this fake stuff that when
someone actually hasn't my eyelashes are
real and they're long and people always
like those gotta be fake I'm like
someone had to have had real eyelashes
in the first place to measure other
eyelashes against so when someone's big
or strong we always assume that they're
faking it cuz sometimes our noses are
fake right but some girls go crazy with
the eyelashes on their heads but my
other thing is like I can judge that
girl silently
I don't have to say it to her face like
you don't have to be a piece of shit
about it right well that's the thing
about social media is you just attacked
that girl I don't want to be high and I
feel like I'm high name definitely know
how I feel so high do you I don't know
I've been playing with this chord too
long you might be again paranoid I am a
little sweaty
really my name is cuz he got severe
cousin finally me too yeah yeah oh the
heath on yeah yeah it was cold in here
when we first got in yeah I find those
like 59 degrees I think it's just your
body heating the room hmm I come on your
podcast because I
genuine enjoy interaction and I do think
you have a really smart cool audience of
mostly people that think like you I
think as a woman or just as a person
anytime you open your mouth or leave the
house there's gonna be people like you
people who don't right so you just don't
focus on the ones that don't because I
have found when someone doesn't like me
it typically has nothing to do with
actually me well there's the thing that
people do when someone's very
opinionated where you wanna for some
reason like combat their opinions I've
seen people do it even the things that
they don't necessarily disagree with
yeah they just become a contrarian just
like the fuck but that's what I'm saying
it has nothing to do with what I said
it's something in you that you're
bothered by and I really try and being
autodidactic and and being self
reflective when I don't like someone I
really try to examine what it is and
sometimes it comes out I'm like oh maybe
I'm just jealous I'm just jealous you
use autodidactic don't be jealous you
just do really well snuck it in there
without anybody a lot of time it is
jealousy versus oh I really hate their
stance it's that but sometimes it's also
there's an incorrect way of thinking
about people like when someone's
confident or someone's brash for
whatever reason like we get competitive
might fuck that guy that's dick yes
instead of getting like huh what do I
care as long as he's not being shitty to
me - you think about it that upsets
people because deep down you're reminded
that you're not that and those are all
the things you want to be sure oh he's
confident oh he's strong oh he's
good-looking oh I've seen that was men
yeah oh yeah for sure I I all the time
if there's like an attractive guy you
know they're like oh isn't he pretty
short and it's like maybe he is but does
that help you
it's know if a guy short do you feel
better now you know will they do that's
the only way they do yeah but it's not
real see the thing is when you shit on
someone and wants to being funny if
you're being funny I'm all for you but
if when you're when you're just being
mean about someone like some football
player look who's a fucking poser you
keep you off of the ball like is it
really but could you do that job come on
man with a freight train coming at you
fucking pussy he's just not as good as
at football as some of the best people
well and it so takes away from I'll use
feminism for example when I do have a
genuine criticism of someone you're so
rarely I talk about this on my special
but like you're so rarely allowed to
voice it cuz it's like well you're just
jealous I'm like or I am in fact doing
the correct feminist thing and judging
her on merit of what she has done and I
dislike it and it has nothing to do with
her being beautiful
I think the there's obviously issues
that women need more equality in in this
country I think the issue with the
concept of being a masculinist or even
the concept of being a feminist is that
everyone automatically thinks you care
about that more than you care about Jen
you general humanity right because
you're isolating gender you're saying I
am a feminist I'm a woman I support
women I would support women's rights and
women's values and I support feminism
empowering women when people hear that
they go okay you like women more than
men but might not be that it what it is
is I support the idea that we could be
treated equally because men and I love
men I love breaking balls with male
comics I married a dude I have made out
with some hot dudes congratulations
again I am actually a gigantic frat boy
trapped in a feminist body but that all
we're fighting for is just to be treated
equally and not be made to feel horrific
that's it I'm not asking for special
treatment
I get it I have zero problem with any of
it of course not but I my thought on why
people react so strongly to it I get it
signing away your like rights but I
think that like when people hear it like
they kind of have that feeling like oh
she's one of those oh she's a man-eater
it's like it's a risk it's almost like
the word is so heavy so heavy that it
doesn't necessarily accurately portray
the intent well it's so fraught with
historical weight yeah and I do think
that's changing but I also believe I
pick it's a word I had never used until
like three years ago and I picked it
because I was like well this sort of
applies I don't read feminist writings I
don't the idea that as a woman you're
constantly being preached to by other
women like preaching to the choir right
what it is is I think on a granular
level I enjoy having conversations and
most men I know or like they're not
these oppressive horrible people and we
always look to the extreme left or right
to prove our point when
and there's a whole population of people
who think and feel just like you and
that's the key is finding those people
yeah and communing with them
well Europe you've always been very Pro
male you've never had problem with men
but you you're also you're confident in
ambitious and when you're both of those
things and people hear the word feminist
they go oh she's one of those like she's
gonna be annoying
you're not know but there's that thing
and I think it goes back to what we're
talking about earlier it's the fringes
yeah it's not like all men
fucking men that want to sue you because
they can't do it that's actually more of
a guy who's just trying to sue people
but I guess like okay straight Pride
Parade we were talking about this in the
phone straight Pride Parade guys right
like that kind of shit all over the
worst don't worry but just the idea of
having that people that say all men like
the kind of feminists that say all men
I'm like you're part of the problem
because that's just as bad as some guys
saying all women are sluts right you are
just as bad for marginalizing anyone I
was hearing this woman talk about sex
and she was like women want this and
women wants to Zona podcast women want
this and women want you to slow down
women want you to be Jen I'm like no no
no some women some women do I mean I
know some women want to get ravaged look
you're talking to a girl who speaks in
generalizations for a living like women
do this but by and large I don't joke
for sure and by and large most you know
these things are right because these
it's you proved it over years and years
but I also like sex podcasts are like so
not my thing
well it's just so crazy to speak for all
women yes like trying to speak for all
men so if I said men like to be ball
gagged men like to be kicked in the
balls men like to be tied up and pissed
on their shit they want you to shit in
Tupperware and send it to them well
that's true some men like that that's
real let me ask you question okay does
that get into that territory where now
you're on stage and you and you have to
start saying some not all speaking for
me if you personally I know for me well
we have this thing where we are we don't
look at things granularly and we're like
well they said also they must mean all
and fuck them well for me it's been a
little bit of a chat where it got in my
brain
Joe who's your buddy your roaming yeah
don't worry about we're gonna be fine I
have a dog it's outside
I keep remembering I have a dog very
sweet you want to talk about her
the little situation sure it's crazy
this little girl was on their way to
China no no she's from China yeah well
they import the meat they were gonna eat
her they were gonna eat her she has a
scar around her nose where her mouth was
bound like it's all around it's very sad
I noticed that yesterday I thought she
just cuz she's a white dog I thought she
had like tear marks and then I noticed
and went all the way around and then but
I also realized that she lets me kiss
her on the mouth so she's not weird
about about I got her less than 24 hours
ago
yeah I was I make candy every year for
the Comedy Store Christmas party I make
it for all the employees and it's
actually a really difficult thing to
hand out because out of uniform I can't
remember who works on who doesn't like
you know a couple waitresses I remember
last year I had my bag of candy it's his
homemade sponge candy and I went up to
this girl and I just said do you work
here meaning if you do I'm gonna give
you candy right it was as if I had set
her mother on fire she goes no sweetie
I'm a comic and I was like I just walked
away but it's like but are you because I
don't know who the fuck you are but also
like don't be a bitch yeah well just say
no just say no I was just trying to suss
out work there you know so I brought
this candy do it every year
I'm home yesterday I asked my husband to
get sugar and we didn't have we had like
you have a thing of sugar because he
accidentally used all of it making
something whatever
so I chef we had a holiday party but you
know when you say he accidentally used
it you say it like he's in hell well he
didn't know no he didn't realize he had
used so much in making his cranberry
thing and he said I thought I had I left
you more but I needed more oh so I
called a friend I said can I have some
your sugar she's like why don't you just
go to the store at the bottom of the
hill and get it like this one was dog
well I go there and they're these two
what are they uh
beagles and they were for adoption and I
really want to talk and there was a
giant husky that was like your size and
I was like maybe I'll have a husky it
was too big and I'm starting to like
convince myself like maybe I have a
beagle and the lady was Chinese she was
like we have more dogs in the car she
opened up the car and there was like
seven cute little white dogs and I
picked up this one and I just started
crying my dog died while I was on tour
in Japan I never got to say goodbye to
Blanche and I'm just crying and I'm
holding this dog and she's white and I
was there to buy sugar and it like I do
the girl thing where I'm like and she's
white and it's sugar and she should
and it's cosmic cut to me just putting
$300 in a cardboard box with no receipt
no paperwork I gave this Chinese lady my
phone number and I have a dog now her
name is tofu so this lady goes to China
and brings him back yep Wow that's heavy
and they were all like schedule moved to
go by Laurel Canyon
you know you think that's so many
fucking la people that love dogs in that
area so many people and it must work
because she wouldn't set up shop always
a good spot for dogs
you could have dogs here you know like
everybody has a fucking dog you know
what's really weirdly not a dog friendly
city is New York yeah well it sucks I
mean unless you live right next to
Central Park it mean to have a dog yeah
yeah yeah if you're in a fucking
apartment you're in a seventh floor
walk-up and your dogs got to take a shit
Jesus Christ you got to walk down seven
flights of stairs no dog out yeah and
then the dogs like sniffing like hey
fuckface see all my shit already and
there's so much garbage my dog one time
found all the pieces to a full
Thanksgiving dinner on the streets
there's so much garbage New York gets
gets weird and then you have to pick the
shit up too you know I saw there was a
bunch of people in Brooklyn the cut man
because they have this they have these
trees and then they have the trees sort
of fenced in and then people were taking
the dark putting it over the fence
letting the dog shit and then picking it
up there putting sides up there they
took pictures of these people put signs
up and like this is not a toilet
meanwhile all of them four other
cigarette butts in the street a lot of
them I lived in Brooklyn for seven weeks
this year
no shooting my show and I was appalled
you think of New Yorkers as this
intelligent race and they're all just
thrown my cigarette smokers almost
universally do that it's where do you
and I I hear I just went on a rant about
those reasons like where do you think
that's going mm-hmm think about it your
friend John actually I confront him
about that he's like God somebody gets
paid to pick that up nope I did too a
comedy store working the other day he's
heard I go what are you doing you'd be
better and he picked it up you have to
shame someone so that they remember
people I love and respect do that in the
back parking lot of the comedy store I'm
like what are you doing man you're
littering you gotta say something I
don't think of it as littering there's
something weird but like but think of it
right think of it why do you think they
don't think of it as literary because
it's always been done and they think
someone's sweeping it up it's not only
are these cars engines going in our
oceans and in our fish these could set
fires
it's
overall health and also don't be a piece
of shit don't throw things on the ground
yeah
not even food like we all think you
throw an apple core out it's okay
it isn't that attracts animals it
doesn't like to parts where it should've
on the road driving by of wood in the
fucking wooded area but people just
throw trash out nobody considers realize
that like this is your community and
this is your home yeah and it I won't
even drink out of plastic and the
cigarette thing is one of the weirder
ones because I I always felt like maybe
it's because they're they're treating
themselves like shit yeah here's a
question you're driving down the road
with your window up and smoking a
cigarette so you know that the smoke
needs to you know the smoke is bad
because you're letting it escape why not
just roll up your window and smoke it in
your fucking car and kill yourself
quietly mmm why do you have to have it
open or smokers that stand in the
doorway I'm like it's not any warmer
near the doorway if you're smoking
outside you're just making it so that we
all have to smell like cigarettes
leaving the building they don't give a
fuck about that smell that smells weird
because the smell of pipes is actually
nice tobacco's yeah yeah someone has a
night like to smell of cigars I like the
smell of cigars it smells good to me
the smell of cigarettes is always shitty
and I don't know why we can't put
perfume doesn't last cigarette smoke
lasts for days and I that's OHS the
kissing your clothes like nothing else
what have you yeah isn't it something
pretty you could burn just like waving
around your body some sage type deal to
do what
get a good smell like instead of like
perfect you yeah wave it over your
cooter
put on your feet so my vagina burns just
no no no like get smoke everywhere Oh
what if you did poo pourri that stuff
that you spray what he did that on your
body and then walk through a cigarette
would it deflect who would win who would
win the bad smell the good smell who
will represent us in a science off i
mocked by this lady the other day i had
to stop because i was tying my shoe and
this lady her perfume was so strong i
literally wanted to stop tying my shoe
and move away from her you know some
people just go ham with the perfume yeah
like i know that's not what you smell it
i find it more often is with cologne oh
yeah i'm just like oh it's gross yeah
it is gross because it triggers
something you're like this feels cheap
this feels like i'm 20 in a shitty bar
you want
see a dude doing a cologne commercial
I'm always like do you wear that stuff
man
no hey Brad Pitt you really wearing
Cologne he doesn't have to does he do
cologne commercials probably in like
Japan he does right yeah yeah Julia
Roberts has that one it's a weird
European one where she's got her hands
tied to like marionette strings but that
was a thing back in the day the day
meeples it's on that side right in front
of you we're here too but the weird
thing is back in the day like actors
would never do commercials because if
you did a commercial
we all knew even people who were non act
and at the end yeah there was something
wrong something go for somewhere right I
mean wouldn't you here's a million
dollars just say that you like this
beverage now everyone sees everything
yeah
but back in the day like we'd find out
that like Oh Julia Roberts does big-time
commercials in Japan you'd be like what
here's the thing there will be no day of
reckoning like I always think about this
with acting you make a shitty movie
seldom is anyone ever in an interview
gonna be like remember that piece of
shit you made like you never have to
atone in person for a bad film choice
because no one would have the balls to
shit on you for trying to make money and
make a living there he is
Chanel there you are I remember that
commercial that is so preposterous if I
was Brad's friend I played that every
time I went over his house I would walk
in with a boombox I'd have a way if he
came over my house would be on every
television and I'd go tell me when he's
at the door tell his other door ready go
play
that's peak pit right there - where do
the hairs legends of the fall hair yeah
that's it that's the fucking man who
lives in the woods hair look at him hey
dude he's beautiful man beautiful house
beautiful Jays mom oh I was on set with
this actor named Ryan Hansen who's in
like Veronica Mars and he's really and
we were he was just we're talking about
like would you rather and we were
playing this game and he was like who's
used to literally pass I'm like no one
it will wreck your marriage but I just
said I thought Jason Momoa was hot and
he just goes all he would treat you
right
but then when the time came he would
fucking lay it down and I was like yeah
put that velvet scrunchie on me into it
okay so many different kinds of hot
weird that that do is describing how
another guy's gonna fuck you though
we're a little weird at school it was
cool okay
during lunch this is hot handsome fella
I mean you ain't got to really and that
scar is from a bar fight is it so manly
mmm yeah it's not like painted-on legit
he could have lost it I could of but it
doesn't yeah he's okay right like old
Frazetta paintings of Conan yeah big
scar across his forehead cut into his
eyebrow I feel like you would want that
but you would want a face car hmm right
uh I probably kept fighting I definitely
would have got one I would have got some
fuck if I just kept fighting yeah I
don't want to face good I've got a small
one do you what happened alaskan
malamute bit me on the face long
Thanksgiving
I'm sure weird ones those Malamutes bite
people in the face I will be honest I
was taunting the dog I was like eight
and it got its revenge
I hear about German Shepherds biting
people in the face doing a German
Shepherd Oh - I've never had one but I
respect their great dogs beautiful dogs
no they're smart and a Belgian Malinois
as well oh those are real smart the
movie I just did I had to do like a
little half day of training with a
Malinois for the scene and I had to like
hold its collar before I let it go and
that dog pulled me yes I got fucking
strong no joke
have you ever seen some of the videos
where they jump up like these
preposterous hi yes to grab things like
a vertical yeah we just saw honey feet
straight up in the air they jump off
people's shoulders and straight up in
the air it's I don't know where they get
the propulsion they're just ridiculously
powerful athletic dogs that are designed
to attack people yeah that's what my
tofu is gonna be yeah I mean they're
yeah I think so she's got a nasty
vicious yeah four five pounds she fucked
you up
but those malam waz and German Shepherds
they need work one of the things that
people do they make a big mistake is
they get a dog like that and they don't
do anything right it that's a working
dog like if I had a dog like that I'd
take it with me all over the place I
would run it every fucking day we would
throw a ball with it you got to give
them active things to do it's German it
loves precision and productivity well
it's a guard dog yeah you know it's it's
bait look at that look at that dog yeah
I mean what in the fuck that dog can fly
don't gonna be in the NBA and then how
about how the dog lands like it gets on
this thing but they know how far it's
gonna go all right that is an insane
amount of athleticism that was a human I
mean though
we're watching a dog combine yeah it's
like the Hulk
that would be like leaping through the
air like the Hulk it's always hard for
me at the airport when I see like a like
a drug-sniffing working dog but it's
like a yellow lab I'm like I can't pet
the yellow lab I don't I don't you could
ruin the dog I don't want to ruin the
dog and his chances at retirement you
could ruin it I'm not going to yeah
those drugs drug sniffing dogs make me
fucking nervous because I'm like what
are they looking for
no need that's the truth but you can
only teach a dog to look for one thing
you know you can't stress the truth the
truth you can't teach a dog hey I want
you to look for guns and coke right it's
like residue right right right do you
smell gunpowder do you smell marijuana
like what do you smell like what do you
what do you train you train the dogs
smell hair and mushrooms bring them back
right find them find me little fuck
you're definitely the heroin cuz I think
you can make more things out of that
well it's one that kills you it's one of
the reasons why they should look out for
heroin fentanyl I think it smell fence
and all that would be nice they could
smell fucking anything but I feel like
fentanyl it's more local I'm actually no
I don't know what I'm talking about I
feel like with prescription drugs like
that's more like it ravages a community
and I don't when I think of like
airplanes I think like wait being pushed
through from other countries but I don't
know I think it's all things math that's
everything it's the really fucked up
part about it is it's almost like what
we're talking about with football that
football be safer if there was no
helmets it doesn't make sense
drugs would be safer if they were if
they were illegal feel that way about
prostitution yeah and I'm gonna actually
broach this here I was gonna write a
joke about it was gonna say it I believe
a state-issued if you apply for funding
uh for support you're going to school
like a loan or the state's paying for
you to go to school you get a
scholarship you should also be able to
apply for a state issued prostitute if
you are a little socially awkward maybe
you haven't had sex because men get
weird if they haven't been made privy to
the way a woman is or they haven't had
sex and you're going to college
let's get you a prostitute let's get you
having sex twice a week so you you're
not afraid of women let's get you a
little less weird let's fund a
prostitute well I think if it didn't
have the social stigma behind it there's
a lot of people that would choose it
over working at Wendy's great there's a
lot of people that choose it but what
is the social stigma is that there's
something wrong with it right because
it's a woman saying I want to do this
with my body that's what's upsetting
it's sort of that but it's also well in
this country it's also connected to sex
slavery we think of it as like if
someone is doing that that maybe maybe
they are a sex slave like maybe there's
someone who's I think that's less on
people's radars and it more has to do
with the puritanical idea of there's a
little bit of that but I mean that was
one of the things that they were
accusing Robert Kraft of you remember
Robert Kraft who owns the Croft or craft
it's craft right he's a guy who owned
the New England Patriots went to a
massage parlor in the game a happy
ending and then the next thing know that
you know they arrested him and told him
there's a video of it right and they
were you know they're trying to get him
to plead guilty and all these all this
different shit that was going on to a
guy who's like insanely insanely wealthy
who just was going there to get jerked
off but one of the things they said was
that it was that he was participating
somehow in sex trafficking and so they
were accusing him of that they were that
was a big part of what the police were
saying well it turned out that none of
the girls that worked there were sex
traffickers they're just prostitutes and
the woman that did it to him she was
like 40 years what has happened if it
was legal none of it regulated so they
were using that term to they were
accusing him of this thing and using
that term like the brand we are you
telling me that shame there was a news
story where they used a buzz word yes
yeah it is about right but it's a buzz
word that's it's very specific in terms
of like the difference in the
consequences that you would want someone
to face whether they just went there to
get jerk drop or they participate in sex
slavery right you're not a part of a
ring I mean you are because the ring
ends with you so because there's a
demand for it there is a supply so that
is by and large a part of the issue and
I say there's not knowing a ton about
selec slavery but I do know that if you
take away the stigma and you can
normalize things very quickly weed is a
great example mm-hmm right no you could
do that and even we've done this with
women and bodies in the way that we look
at people who are overweight and we look
at people with different things like we
are getting to a place where it's less
of a thing I think you could do that
with prostitution I think so too and and
it's fine and look at it as like this is
her choice and
if there if there wasn't an exceptional
exorbitant demand for it it wouldn't be
a thing yeah it's just you you can't
tell people what to do with their bodies
any other way except when money's
involved that's where I have a problem
with it
except when taxes are involved yeah but
it's it's it's not even that it's it's
it's a societal position right if we
were gonna vote on it most people would
vote on no prostitution because they
don't want their daughter or their
sister or their mother to be a
prostitute that's how--that's or or them
they don't want to be a prostitute
that's why they would vote on it but
that's the only thing that's completely
legal to do like not only that but it's
what sells everything when benefit is
fucking selling cologne he's selling I'm
a hot man if you if you got my cologne
you might get some pussy I'm looking
right at that mouth yes look at them
it's beautiful actually look that is the
thing that is is fucked up about all
this like a woman can have sex with as
many people as she wants for free but if
she charges then also the script you can
charge for a backrub like what the fuck
like why is it you're like I'm getting
off either way but it doesn't just
doesn't make any sense yes I agree with
you it's silly it's restrictive when it
comes to the idea of a woman taking
control of her own body
no taxes being paid and the idea of
someone being a whore because of our
puritanical roots in this country all
those things combined make it a volatile
topic but at the end of the day if she's
gonna make money that's gonna go back
into your society that's gonna be put to
good use it's gonna be taxed it's gonna
be in your community what do you care
what she's doing behind closed doors if
it's safe and it's regulated just like
weed all of a sudden there's standards
now there's a way to sanitize this yeah
I think so and they did in Australia
they did it in Nevada yeah I'm parts of
it parts of it um but in Australia they
have minutes full-on there you can do
whatever you want they have they have
brothels but I think it's also one of
the things that we're conditioned to
have a perspective on it's similar to
the drug issue like I don't want my
friends or my daughters or my mother or
anyone I know to be a prostitute right
so we have this like this position on it
I also don't want them to do coke
but I don't think coke should be illegal
I don't think anybody should be able
lock you in a cage cuz you want to get
coked up imagine if it were legal how
many less people would be dying just in
a drug trade yes and how many more
people would be aware of how much you
can do because you'd get actual coke
what you're getting is being cut because
you're getting it you're buying it from
people that aren't companies right if
you're gonna buy something from Nabisco
Nabisco sell coke put the ingredients on
it it'll be 100 percent coke you'd be
able to get real coke real coke Briscoe
flavored cocaine moreover I mean look in
Europe the way that they are with
alcohol like Italy for example kids have
wine when they're little and sure
there's alcoholics they're weightless
it's less of like a rum Springer freak
out when you are able to do something
that's a great way to put a rum Springer
freaked out that what she's talking
about if you don't know is the Amish
have a thing that's when they turn like
18 right that they get to go ham they
get to do whatever they want they could
watch TV they could drink smoke pot and
fuck and they go crazy for a short
period of time and then at the end of
that time they can either leave the
church forever or come back and most of
them come back right because that's all
you know also you're probably so
hungover make me some oak cake get me
back to cutting logs real work out
fuck it but that's the truth when you're
saying is the truth like when you
repress people that's when they want to
do things really badly
Oh for everything and we have this
obsession as humans with regulating
other people's bodies Minds everything
with religion with laws some of them are
put in place to make sure we don't
accidentally kill ourselves but by that
same token if you are dumb like we
always have signs like don't touch a
live wire let them touch it if you're
dumb enough to do it well you should
know you should have a sign says don't
touch a live wire because it can kill
you you read that sign you still touched
a live wire that's nature doing its
thing no that's what that becomes if you
survive is you suing the state well the
sign wasn't big enough well that's a
problem it's a big problem yeah people
sue we're very sue happy in this country
other countries something happens to you
you break a leg on a city bus your legs
just broken that's it it's not someone
else's problem yeah other countries
don't even think about suing people over
the shit that people sue for in America
it's a weird game but it's also you know
it's there to protect you it's there to
protect you I think a lot just and
discussions with my husband about like
food safety and in this country
everything is so sanitized this like
anodyne food system we have where
everything is wrapped in plastic and
refrigerator and it's all there so that
a health and safety inspector can say
this is okay you go to Europe food is
just out and people are fine right
because companies I think it has to do
with health and safety of course but
also liability so much of our
regulations and rules are really put in
place for liability issues making sure
that somebody doesn't get sued versus
your genuine concern for your safety
because we're so able to just it's good
and bad living in America you can sue if
you feel you've been slighted but you
can sue not to really make a point just
to make some money yeah yeah it's not
perfect it's not a perfect system it's
also super complicated there's so many
different rules and regulations and laws
and things on the books and it's just if
we if we made if we made three top rules
right now will do for all don't want
your gun don't be a see say see you say
hey I don't care you don't say
how about twat can I say twat old twat
everybody everybody kids are saying it
again it's like Liz its back yeah it's
back no what else is fresh fresh to
death fine
like that's fresh fine someone's fine
he's fine hmm that's coming back guys
don't use it though you know what never
I said that girl's fine no you're that
no right not since like 2001 yeah guys I
think it was 80s
you know I stopped never went away is
cool Yeah right cool has always been
cool but now I feel like cool is more
like when something sucks you're like
cool like it's a sarcastic cool but like
not gonna be cool
yeah people still use the right way dope
I'm partial to dope I love dope what I'm
like into him that's fuckin dope don't
think let has come back very strong I
like that my 11 year old use lit all the
time just fucking lit that have you
heard
daddy daddy friend of mine is ears daddy
it's a non gender binary it's not it's a
it's like a thing that girls say it's
like what is it it's like like a young
Daddy like it's like a hot term of
endearment right it's something Zee
it's like a thing like a hot dad they
learned it on tick-tock I don't know is
that I think it's a hot probably hot dog
without Jamie the urban dictionary guys
attractive and fashionable that's what
it is with swag and sex appeal mmm
interesting so yeah I stopped using a
sentence you might say did you see that
guy at the mall he was a total daddy and
then we'd be like what's a mall from
2017 well I think it's already dead I
think that term is dead there's a rap
song I think it died Oh turn that off
just shout it shut it down
good lord don't get out of your hair you
want to leave it's always saying I can
stay you can stay what stay let's talk
for a little okay okay what were we just
talking about before that before we go I
was saying we should make some rules
right yeah you were saying don't see you
don't like that word I just I idolized
it I don't care who's good twat never
went away just didn't get that popular
it's sort of like it came like an Alfa
Romeo it's like a fringe totally you
know I'm saying Oh totally French French
car it's not something people talk about
regularly all right I'm all for like a
brutal it's always funny when someone's
peppers in like a brutal term for vagina
like but it's not a vagina term when you
say cunt like no for fridges for my
friends that live in Australia like my
friend Adam green tree
they just say throws that thing around
like it's a beach ball adjustment for
them they come in England too they come
here and we're like dude but like bloody
hell like we don't say that thing there
so New Zealand they have that too style
bender has a t-shirt says something
about good cunt that says just as good
cunt
well you on the show the other night in
the main room there's a kid sitting in
the front row his shirt and big bold
letters just said fuck Hitler
oh boy and I was like I hold out on the
limb I hope it's not an ironic t-shirt
and I was like you're obviously not
Jewish he's like I'm not and I'm like
you just this is how strongly you feel
and I what I agree with the sentiment I
would never wear a shirt that said fuck
on it and I was like it's just so
jarring to read fuck that big that the
rest of the sentiment for me evaporates
yeah I just think putting curse words on
your shirt is just so aggressive
it's definitely aggressive I saw a guy
with a t-shirt on in Vegas that said I'm
with Trump fuck
the rest and the fuck the you and the
see had been turned into asterisks so
you had to figure out that so like you
saw click the rest you saw there okay
and he saw the what's missing I was
looking at that show I'm like what and
so Las Vegas oh my god those shirts and
shirts that remember like there was like
this ironic t-shirt craze for a very
long time that would be like it would
say done only dorks more than would say
stuff like the voices in my head tell me
what to do yeah we're like like sarcasm
Department like I'm a cool nerd you know
what that shirt means you got ripped off
you bought that stupid t-shirt that's
all it means
that's all I mean means you're the type
of knucklehead that buys a self-defining
t-shirt like this is my ethos this is
who I am dare you what are you wearing a
regular shirt oh I got an aggressive
shirt on Oh what is it should I even
have an F word on it oh my god it's a
skull with a fucking with a camouflage
hat what does it say at the top says
Marines never die they just go to hell
to get what is it they just go to hell
to regroup okay
it's Advent I love vintage military so
was that like a legit vintage shirt like
yeah somebody made it in the 80s and it
survived in someone's basement they
brought it to the it's a term I've heard
like they never die they just go to
whatever I've had the shirt for a long
time and I got it from a vintage store I
had a friend of mine that I used to work
with in construction a teacher or a
tattoo rather that said death before
dishonor and some guy came over to me
were you in the service he was najd
always liked it alright I saw somebody
some of the guy said the other day was
wearing it and I gave you so much shit
he's just some dude for it I'm like you
know what it says you know just look
dude I'm like what is it mean to you it
was just a shirt my wife picked it on
like it's just such an aggressive
statement mm-hmm and you're done you're
mad at him I wasn't mad you a little man
I asked him so I'm like you're mad
what is this gas lighting
I love that term I love a good Gaslight
gas lighting is weird twat here goes a
first one is Jose that's the second one
the person versus stupid or if noxious
is number one a woman's genitals I mean
who says stick you to my twat like
during sex I mean that'd be a nightmare
that would be cuz what's after that like
where do you go from there if that Oh
what you open with when a girl says put
it about cuz it's got a deep charring
[Music]
like was what are you saying
why you saying it like that even evenly
fuck is so aggressive and sometimes you
have to button you can't say penis right
yeah put your pee nothing yeah yeah
alright I so do a bit about the word
cock that sounds like it's wearing a
sombrero and carrying a gun does cock oh
it's just like it sounds manly the word
comment it is fucking manly word what
penis slizz too it's too soft it's penis
hey cuz I can't get you at my penis can
I put my penis in your slave yeah it's
like you bleed into my penis what do you
think of my penis penis penis it's just
I also vagina like a girl says my vagina
and we think of my boy it's too critical
it is but it's okay cuz it's like you
could have like you could a girl can say
that I think I think right sure
I think sending a girl at dick pic and I
know I'm opening a floodgate with this
but try not to be an animal about it
folks if you send a girl at an
unrequited dick pic and you just write
what do you think about my penis she's
gonna no one gets more dick pics than
Whitney I told her she needs to write
like a book and publish all these just
blur out everybody's face and publish
all these dick pics there's us know
leave the decks she shares him to us in
this group text and I'm in with her she
like it's me and daliyah and Swardson
and she'll send us his pictures these
guys send her we're all like you got to
write a book this is write a book have
you seen so many there's an app that
blurs out part of the picture to make it
look like your dick has been blurred out
it's awesome like if you're just in and
then I'll just put a blurry thing next
to your leg
did you see that one dude that they took
down his photo on Instagram and all he
was doing he was wearing shorts just a
really muscular gentleman with a large
hog and he was wearing shorts and
they're like like boxer briefs and his
dick was so big that you could see it in
in the boxer briefs
so Instagram took down his fucking photo
now that's not cool a dick in briefs as
per restriction it is shrouded and it
should be rounded good way to put it
yeah and it should stand you are on
point with the vocabulary in this
podcast so there what the famous jason
derulo yes you said I didn't see this no
it's like google it it's real reason and
dude the guy's got a big hog he's a very
well-built gentleman all-around very
muscular and handsome with a large hog
put the photo up right now
Aliza drew over there look at this
sleeve this gentleman first of all what
does this guy do
he's a singer and justanswer gonna be
the new cats that's what he does he's
gonna be the new cats how the fuck is a
guy that manly in any way you can't you
can see by the outline of the heart oh
my god yeah that's quite a hard look at
but you know what it's not terribly you
gotta look for it's not terribly
prominent it's not should not have had
that taken down what is he gonna do he's
good you got a problem because he's got
a big dick is that really what's getting
it taken down who complained some
asshole he should put it back and just
blur it out did he put it back up did he
blur it I don't know I couldn't you
should just put it back the way it is
really should protest it he should it's
nonsense
I'm with that got shredded with a large
hog congratulations sir
shredded with a large hog yeah he's
shredded with a large amount the
American Dream it is the American dream
he's you're shitting on the American
dream
Instagram you're on Americans if you
don't like a shrouded hog he did covered
up what he did pixelated he put a big
cat he put another dick over I do put a
Subway sandwich there that's fucking
hilarious yeah I don't
he should be congratulating ons physique
as well that's some
long hours in the gym right there that
is some high weight low rep yeah a
hundred percent that that dude is that
dude is working out yeah it's working
out that's doing shit and showing his
hog what is the problem folks is that
when we're scared of hogs behind cloth
also who says social media has to be a
bastion of purity Yeah right
it's widows in the garbage wasteland I
love Twitter for that Twitter shows all
kinds of fucking and sucking and chaos
maybe cuz Facebook owns it I don't know
probably yeah I think they just don't
want porn on it they don't want porn in
and most like really violent bitches are
there hidden like you have to click on
it I'm okay with that
cuz I follow a lot of like nature
accounts and maybe today I don't want to
see a baby seal Club you know and it's
good to know that those images are there
so it's present in your mind but define
porn is that porn and that guy's not
porn right so what's where do we draw
the line here Twitter would have no
problem with that
Twitter keeps up most things in fact
they took down when Tim Dylan did that
Megan McCain spoof when you've you ever
seen that well the best fucking things
on the Internet
Tim Dylan as Megan McCain do you know
Tim mm-hmm you know it's him Dylan oh my
God he's fucking hilarious is a big
heavy gay guy who does the best Megan
McCain oh okay vault he's a hilarious
but you you can't put a label on this
guy he's brilliant okay and he's so
fucking funny pull it up for Eliza
go get it well bring him to spaghetti
break give you some volume what's going
on yeah what's all the way along here
moment
mom it's way is it not warm you I think
what is happening no it's not fuck I
mean I get the joke no no no no I need
to get it on harder he goes hard in the
paint see if you'd sort that out
Gillian sorted out anyway um I but but
anyway Instagram took this down this
video you can only get it on YouTube and
on Twitter now Twitter left it up
Twitter leaves up everything I think two
of the highest forms of comedy are
people falling and men dressed as women
oh yeah it's never not funny here
but bring from the beginning but here's
the thing Meaghan became blocked him on
Twitter
well I wouldn't love that idea yes she
did yeah they've asked someone from
Meaghan is asked to be on this podcast
and I would have her on with Tim in a
heartbeat and we're going to be raised
in captivity
it'll be raised privately to be the
greatest politician that has ever lived
my name is Megan McCain and I'm on a new
show called the view and Donald Trump
that fucking riverboat casino captain is
talking shit about my father my father
was tortured for a hundred years for
this fucking country and he came back
and he started seven wars because he's a
gentleman fuck you Trump I'm gonna wear
my father's skin mask and I'm gonna
primary Trump from the right come on the
view bitch if you're that tough come on
the view you want another side to get a
car club dance you want this shit but I
won't fuck you because the only person
I'll fuck is dirty
riverboat casino captain he's fucking
genius he's an animal
finally and a good dude - really really
good dude um what was my point
Oh Twitter had no problem with that I
left you a speech what about speech
that's funny he's being funny come on
he's not inciting a riot he's not
calling for anyone is it her favorite
thing ever no but where do you draw the
line then it's not her he's making fun
of her saying things she never said it's
funny it's funny but also it's like if
you're gonna get that taken like where
where is that line where is that and no
one can laugh at anything now right I
completely agree and who's deciding
unfunny people exactly unfunny people
are in charge of comedy in in studios in
meetings and pitches in comedy clubs in
audiences and the fate of your career
rests on in the hands of someone who is
not qualified to handle comedy not only
that the hands of someone who wants to
let everyone know their work let
everyone know they're adhering to
progressive ideology let everyone
they're upholding these community
standards they all decide are important
to be stivity and I was reading about
this girl got fired from a show they
didn't bring her back because she she
said that she had all these requests for
people being cast on the show she wanted
an interracial couple she wanted a gay
character she wanted all these things
and they didn't do it they got rid of
her and she was complaining that they
got they there they're not in favor of
inclusivity imagine if you wrote a show
just imagine you're a writer you wrote a
show got the show you had this idea I'm
gonna do a shop a coffee shop and these
people worked in have them interact with
customers some crazy stuff I've got all
written out and someone who you cast you
say okay you're gonna be Thelma you're
gonna be the waitress she's like yes I
like that yes okay and get it she gets
the part then she's like I need you to
have a transgender couple right I want
you to have an interracial couple I want
you to have I want this to be inclusive
inclusive and they're like what is this
lady doing well are you writing the show
are you an actor now the I I'm all for
all of these things I think sometimes
what we have to be afraid of is tokenism
you wanted always to be an organic story
and we do have a problem with not
populating our worlds with enough
variety because white people see white
things and people see things a certain
way you never want the tokenism like I
never want to think I'm somewhere just
because I'm a girl I want to be there be
no rub but it's tough because where do
you draw that line for my sketch show
which comes out in the spring for my
skit for my writers I wanted a diverse
writing team because I wanted to make
sure that my that we were not someone
inclusive but also that we were making a
smart show that wasn't just from one
different perspectives but you also
wanted quality wouldn't sacrifice
quality just to get a Democrat know and
so what I did was because to me this was
an infallible way to do it I had all the
writers packets cuz people submit
writing packets and samples I had their
names taken off of it so that when I
read your packet I was reading it and I
could only base my opinion on the
content of the comedy good idea I ended
up with three Jews but really we had 28
submissions and there were some we liked
some we didn't we know we narrowed it
down but I never knew what the person's
name was or what they looked like until
I said I liked it and we
good for you that's smart that's a great
way to do it that's a meritocracy that's
what you really want you know and the
thing about this inclusivity it's like
yes you you want a world where everyone
gets a chance but you don't want
equality of outcome it doesn't work that
way what you want is people to rise to
the top and when you're dealing with
like mathematics you're gonna get a lot
of European Jews alright you got a lot
of Asian people why because they've
they've studied that like pretty
extensively in their countries it's been
a part of their heritage for a long time
it doesn't mean that like you're you're
being discriminatory against Italian
Americans it just means like these are
the people for whatever reason that are
more invested in that particular way of
thinking and you could we can begin to
create opportunities and ways into
things so that in 20 years maybe it is
Oh everybody goes to see whatever
ethnicity of doctor we can create these
opportunities yes but nobody wants to
sacrifice performance just for that but
that's why go out of your way to include
someone but it can't be a chronic we're
just mandating things and that's for
women that's for anything I want to be
somewhere because I'm good yeah yeah
hundred percent we want to concentrate
on as having people have the quality of
opportunity to explore different things
that they want and that should be there
and it should be programs created and
sometimes it's a well we need to take X
amount of this many types of people to
create that but if you're given the
chance and you do well you're even that
much of more of a hidden gem I always
say this with when girl I see like a lot
of girls get upset like and I can't get
on this show and I can't do this and
that but when you do get on a lineup and
you fucking crush you're the one
everyone's going to talk about so when
you're given this opportunity to fucking
nail it like it might be hard getting in
there but when you have that chance you
can't use things as a stepping stone
woman and as a crutch the next so just
know that like if you're the only girl
in a lineup for example and I'm speaking
from a world that I live in not for
anything else and you fuck up people are
gonna think all women are like that
because you were the sample yeah I would
prefer them to not think about it all
y'all think about being the best that
they can be no don't concentrate on your
gender at all you don't but I think it's
something that's always brought up and
put in our faces so if you have to just
know that if and when you do succeed and
you are good or just as good people will
remember how great you were and you will
shine more than just
like the other average dude the 12 dudes
that were on there well I think that's
one of the good things about comedy
communities is that when people are good
they get respect merit-based like I said
there's no brilliant comic out there not
getting any credit yeah whether it's Ali
Wong crushing or you or you know name
the woman Whitney named a woman who's
good when they're killing they're
killing cuz they're a great comic and
everybody gives them props it's not this
thing where like the men aversion by the
way to do the men but to say the guy
thing if you are a mediocre like male
comic especially now you're not going
anywhere but because there's so many
people doing comedy and the odds are so
against you you've got to fucking bring
it and that gets rewarded for sure we've
all had to up our games because it's
just so much is so popular now yeah it's
exciting though I love a competition
it's great time for all of us it really
is it's just the comics are more in
control you can make more comedy there
are more opportunities when I started in
comedy like nobody paid you for spots
and now you get paid the comedy started
but like small shows nobody gave you
money there weren't that many I remember
I had to run one there there's so much
more out there so you've got to go and
carve that out for yourself because it's
definitely there for the taking
yeah it would be interesting if there
was a service that let people figure out
like how to start off as an open-mic er
like like an la-based service like if
you pay like five bucks a month they'll
give you a newsletter that shows you
where all the different spots are and
yeah or it should be a little harder oh
yeah figure it out and then once you
figured it out you got it and or it's
your friends ask around there are shows
my husband always jokes cuz we pass a
Baja Fresh I'm like I did a spot there
once like everyone abandoned CBS I did a
spot there like their comedy is going on
everywhere a lot of coffee shops right
yeah I went to see Poetry Slam once you
ever see a poetry slam they take it so
seriously it's one of the most
pretentious forms of entertainment
that's ever been created
well that like staccato speaking yeah
yeah and good doesn't mean you can't be
good at it but in terms of overall
pretentious level it's probably the the
highest percentage ever
you hear people that are saying that you
should do that now you should wave jazz
hands because some folks have a real
problem with loud noises and if you clap
when you like something it hurts their
ears gotta be kinder more gentle I
notice younger people snap which I think
I did a college game five years ago and
I was like okay it's not it doesn't feel
as validating as a progressive applause
but that's like from the 50s with jazz
clubs yeah it's very it's cool I don't
want girls do what I'm like yeah I'm
cool I'm young cool well - I'm young
cool it's like it's also a competition
how loud can your snappy is it based on
skin thickness
oh yeah cuz your hands are thicker than
mine and I have little crickets nips
someone's listening to this just loading
a shotgun Gregg the fuck do you snap
into my ears for a Swedish plate shop
yeah there's different kinds of snaps -
right isn't there one like you can go
across like the top of your thumb with
like your second finger instead of this
it looks like a dude thing like how
dudes like like different whistles or
what's this thing yeah that's the one
they do what is that I'm afraid of no
what is that supposed to be like what
honestly I don't think everyone's doing
it but it's it imitates packing a dip
like the dip can borrow yeah that's it
because that's exactly what it looks
like my fingers don't make noise that
way my fingers don't make noise that way
I mean they make noise that way ligament
on the ligament was that good I probably
not doing good things to remember arm
farts those were huge in your kid make
arm farts everybody figures that out my
kids figured it out they thought they're
so smart I'm like bitch I've been doing
that forever
you're just trapping oxygen or this like
yeah hand farts yeah it's just a dry
fuck yeah yes old people old people
people that can get that whistle that's
so ear piercing or anything though their
lips in a way I can't whistle the wefts
I suck on my fingers I have to put
fingers I didn't chew on each side see I
always want to do the finger whistle I
can't you did it well not really
that's real a whistle reserved for
calling dogs yeah
gunner Brixton right
and then you do it or when you want your
significant other in the bedroom to fuck
right I guess let out that whistle look
it's time do you need the whistle no you
can have a drum set I could literally be
like babe
is it time to fuck yeah you said my name
come on let's go I'm always rowdy I'm
always ready guys I'd turn down sucks
that's what I've heard
girls talk about that not like you know
that they're the ones who wanted it and
the guy was always saying no I was like
you're doing or he had herpes or he's
whoa interesting think about it great
he's like oh not today
I definitely I've had people talking
about that I'm like he had herpes
Wow good point if he's and by the way if
he's having sex with the internet like I
think there's also that like he it's
uncomfortable right most people have it
so that's probably what it is or he's
coming down from like doing too much
coke yeah or there's that good people
feel like she would know I mean I don't
maybe I did a girl and I didn't know she
was a coke head didn't know until after
I dated her I didn't date her a lot like
I saw her rarely she seemed pretty
normal you can conceal that drug just
like late nights like I've got a friend
who's a total coke head but other than
the fact that she talked really fast
you didn't no no no I dunno but you
wouldn't know
oh one wouldn't know well that's that
what adderall is is people that like
have an affinity towards that kind of
thing and they could do it every day
that's a that is a giant problem that's
that drug and you see people that have
when they're on it they have this
unfounded self-image like unfounded
belief in themselves like delusional
belief in themselves it's very it's a
very strange drug it hubris until form
yep it takes away all of your
inhibitions it's about expressing how
good you are at things and everyone else
sucks you find you know you find all
these faults and people you don't find
any in yourself you have unfounded
confidence and your ability to get
things done like it's a weird drug it's
a weird drug and a lot of fucking people
are on it but how good is Scarface
oh it's amazing it's so good this day
and I don't even think his axe everyone
thinks these accents bad I think it's
great right
it doesn't sound totally Cuban it's
exactly what a Cuban person sounds like
maybe no no I know a lot of mean Joey
Diaz inside like that but but he's an
American person it's not doesn't it's
it's off its off for sure but but it's
really good to find a generation of
impressions yeah oh yeah it's it's an
off impression but it's it's a really
good off impression has influenced
almost every rapper oh yeah do you do
you remember the Curb Your Enthusiasm
episode where krazee-eyez-killa had
Larry David over his house he's played
Scarface 24/7 big screen it's like a
Bible yeah but I mean it was one of the
ghetto boys but it garfish americantale
yes what he did
sure yeah I got the girl from nothing
yeah certain man made his way up
yeah even how he came over here me yeah
I can tell he came to the land of
opportunity and he had it until Miami PD
fucking shot him up have you ever seen
cocaine Cowboys oh my goodness one of
the best documentaries of all time my
friend Billy Corbin made it cocaine
Cowboys want and cocaine Cowboys too
Billy's been on the podcast a few times
he makes bunch of different
documentaries but those two they're just
fucking gems it shows you how god damn
crazy Miami was in the 1980s there was
one year where the police academy the
graduating class half of them work
murdered and the other half of them went
to jail even with the jail for
corruption it was brutal coke everywhere
yeah all these pilots talking about coke
all these hit man they got hit man on
film yeah talking about all the shit
they did it is a crazy duck it's a
brutal drug it's well it's also would
define Miami yeah there's my buddy Steve
was an ophthalmologist shout out Steve
Graham he was an ophthalmologist during
his residency he was in Miami in the
emergency room and he he would tell him
tell me about dudes just horrific wounds
yeah just all this in the face just
everyone's getting fucked up and shot
and stabbed it's like even just from
coke like just from doing so much of it
getting into your holding murderin pshaw
I mean it was a goddamn war
till is I mean not until is but still is
a war like just the trafficking of it
and what that does to our neighbors to
the south
have you ever see the video of the Coast
Guard pulling over the Mexican submarine
that's filled with cocaine yeah can they
jump on top of it bang such as ex
machina moment like who's the guys
banging on that we all want to bang on a
floating submarine jump and HAP be the
kind of man that has the balls to jump
on a submarine while it's moving through
the ocean yeah that's that's a savage
move let's let his fuck all that stuff
could be avoided if it was legal if it
was legal he'd be buying again you'd be
buying fucking coca-cola cocaine which
is what our grandparents had yeah
legalize it sanitize it regulate it tax
it Bob's your uncle
yeah do you know that they still use
cocaine to make the flavor for coca-cola
I challenge that a coca leaf maybe coca
leaf that's sometimes but not actually
take the coca leaves cocaine is a
byproduct of coca leaf exactly you're
correct
they take the coca leaf they extract the
cocaine and then it's the number one
medical supplier of medical cocaine
takes that stuff from the coca leaves
that they can via sure flavonoids that
they use for coca cola that's why it
tastes so good it tastes so good it's so
good they did this experiment where they
put some coke coca coca cola on the
floor and then diet coke and bugs
wouldn't go near the diet coke yeah
that's cause it doesn't have sugar
stooop I don't thinks I think it's I
think it's whatever they put in the diet
coke yeah but they probably wouldn't go
down the floor for water either they
know what sugar is like they were sugar
works for them yeah but sugar works for
them I'm just saying if a bug doesn't
want it but you know how you get like
flavor from sugar bugs don't necessarily
get flavor they're going to it because
they're probably attracted to smell of
it because they know it's going to be
effective for whatever they're trying to
do with it I'm just saying the guy who
propelled them it did I prefer though I
prefer the taste of Diet Coke it's
lighter I like a diet coke on occasion
with a little bit of lemon mmm how about
some lime racist against limes yeah
big-time that's where I draw my line
everything else I was okay with but this
we got a real problem
get sparkly water they ask if you want
lunch yeah regular will always get lime
yes which is
kind of hard to find outside of the
country the line what depends on that
you go to a lot of countries are like we
have lemon I'm like lemon and it's not
the same but some people just don't have
limes
yeah they don't get it fucking losers
yeah yeah get some limes in your life
get some limes now jumping grow lemons
you can grow lime not true
no different soil it's just different is
it yeah you know you see a lot of lemon
trees in LA you don't see any lime trees
maybe it's just people suck maybe I just
I think we have a an aversion to
delicious things here really I really
feel like there's so many fruits that we
sleep on that like what like durian I
have some in my house right now does it
stink I think that my freezer it's
freeze-dried
I brought it home did you like it I
liked it fresh there I thought it was
really cool weird but I do it is like a
party trick just to watch people's faces
contort mangosteen super tasty
mangosteen jujubes which is I found out
recently an actual fruit not just a
candy really dried jujube it will change
your life and I brought it to set and
all the Asian girls were like yeah my
grandma uses them and I'd never heard of
it
and we just what do we have apples and
fucking grapes sometimes we have melon a
little bit of melon cantaloupe right
everybody thinks it's funny to shit on
melon I love melons honeydew dude I love
them when it's hot out a cold cantaloupe
might be one of the best fucking things
you can eat in your life Barbra
Streisand once said her definition of
luxury was not having a scoop down to
the skin in a cantaloupe like not having
to go a little bitch mm-hmm is tasty but
she probably throwing straws in the
ocean to write off her balcony to the
people I went around last night at the
comedy show I was like why is everyone
having a straw men shouldn't use straws
if you need a straw great what about
women some women use it you know what
your lipsticks not that sacred but then
the lipstick you're crushing up bugs
you're wasting it I don't know what
about paper straws you do you need a
straw let's say that you are not
medically incapacitated any form do you
need a straw other than a smoothie I do
cuz it's a good way to make a point
what's the point so like if I was drawn
here I go well maybe you should get your
shit together I'm gonna suck on the
straw we start look it's like it's like
well the old timey guys take a hit on
the cigar and I told uh get the fuck out
of my room it's a good punctuation
yeah I would argue
Gergely sip like I started this this
conversation with is equally a shady
right like oh and maybe you should eat
my shit it is there's just good it's
actually kind of better no more stress
because your your guiding your face no
straws are good and they're they're good
for a reason it's a good way to suck
liquid through quickly shouldn't just be
automatically tilt your fucking hand
back like a savage you could just pull
on the straw really like savages drink
tea with their pinkies up it really is
biodegradable plastic it's very possible
you make it with hemp fiber it's not
hard they know how to do it it literally
goes back in the earth and 80s the thing
they know how to do a lot of these
things and we don't because it doesn't
make money or it people don't they want
to mak there's a profitability now
there's a giant business with all of
these dang straws you can shift over to
making hemp plastic it's it's really not
that hard easily and what kills me is
people like look no straw I'm like but
the whole cup is plastic these are I'm
just saying we waste a lot of these
things you got a Yeti that thing is
awesome yeah I have one pretty good can
I have one of yours too far there's
already got a free 100 free one for you
great hundred percent it's got my face
on again it might feel weird when I get
back drinking the coffee I've gotten one
before so I'd like another one give it
away gift it what did I do with it I
have it I think I just up to the plastic
lids on Starbucks cups those got to be a
problem the huge problem can't do it
with paper right let's take a bottled
water yeah that's ridiculous who the
fuck would buy that it is ridiculous I
didn't hear Jamie is outrageous you're
not no one's that thirsty
we're telling Jason Momoa if he comes
here he's gonna shame us all tell him I
said I sort of water I can a can sells
water and a can't
oh that's why he's shaming it Oh fucking
I thought he was just virtue yeah I
didn't know that either I just have a
filter in my house and I just drink
water I do too but um we should get some
sort of a big jug yep definitely you
have the beautiful coffee machine the
layer of a matching superfood coffee get
a Laird Hamilton superfood water machine
and it works like that yeah
ask him we'll just get something he
lives in the water he does you cook it
up yeah we just need to get some sort of
glass containers to keep him on the
table
oh if only we had a container I know I
have to
I am the Laura
and I just I'm just doing my part
speaking boys I remember that movie I
remember that book too from when I was a
little kid the movie was great the
message is great
I Drive a 2009 Honda Civic Hybrid
because I don't want to get a new car
and it's a hybrid and that's the part
that I'm doing I know you've had that
same car forever I always shit on you
for I love that money lady I have
yourself a phat ride you should get
yourself an old Cadillac a big purple
one or maybe a Lincoln with suicide
doors whoo yeah about that pimp my ride
pick up so many now we're talking
fucking Oh lesbo we get about dark
purple Subaru Alex flake no Lincoln a
big old Ford or Continental with suicide
I could get like that in 65 or I could
get a Cadillac and I could get like a
kind of like emblem like tattooed on me
mmm and I could get Old English font
yeah yeah I could get it there and I can
start finger blasting chicks oh you can
do that too yeah call me daddy hmm
okay I'm gonna keep the Honda Civic
Hybrid until the wheels
I just bought a $700 alternator y-you
still honestly why do you still have
that just to see how long it'll know for
those reasons do you like to poem to the
common storm feel better than people
you're helping I would love to show
everyone how powerful I am with a nice
car it's at 4:00 nice Carla it's a it's
a hybrid and I don't need a new car we
live in this society that you know
you're always trying to posture and show
off things and that's fine if a car is
your thing but that's just a way that I
choose to help good for you that's it
well you're right you know if you want
to like be a conserver of resources like
you're absolutely conserving resources
grab that old shitty car but I think you
work hard you deserve a phat ride I'm
talking about like a 2020 Corvette with
your name there's nothing for me pink
like a vagina
oh come bet whoa come on chrome wheels
fuzzy dice let's go who are you a trunk
how about a truck with giant jack wheels
I could do with a little dick yo how
about those you say that but like like
the lesbian part of me wants a fucking
truck can't one
once drawn you think you haven't you
just that truck just the truck like in I
I don't want to kiss a woman but I do
want that truck okay you don't have to
kiss her she just kiss you I don't want
that and that's cool like those your
that's where you were I don't I put
trucks just being from Texas like my
brothers got a nice truck or something
about being something bad a truck let's
just pretend that you just don't get
really a judge might try no I wouldn't
Dodge Ram makes an extra Dodge Ram make
some fuck yeah freakin - I like the they
have a great - setup now is there a
highway 20 models here's a road it would
be a waste Tommy man that's what I'm
asking for
no it would be the trucks I got nothing
to put in the bed did that you on my
cyber truck what how dare you things
amazing yes I love it up a very narrow
some guy next to me as a Hummer but I
love of a very narrow dirt road what
does the Hummer dude just fucking jack
everybody's cars he drives like sits
there covered in one of those like
military flaps that looks like it has
fake leaves on it there you go
Dodge Ram with the fender flares and big
old fucking tires on it yeah gotta be 35
inch tires ready Amy is that a zipper on
the front of the grill that looks like a
no that's a that's LED lights necessary
that is necessary if you go off-roading
okay my first boyfriend in high school
had a Dodge Ram with a lift kit and it
was a no but it was I mean people were
kind of like this but it was like a
serious truck fuck yeah a lift kit Walt
it's super Florida Georgia line and like
a little white-trash hmm I don't know
when we played Florida we rented like a
big Ford truck great it's fun to do in
the right context but I don't need that
well listen this trucks now that you
drive the drive amazing like a Ford
Raptor Ford Raptors are super
comfortable because there's a lot of
travel in the wheels like the wheels
like absorb potholes because it seems to
be like their off-road vehicles well so
they handle bumps better than anything
well super comfortable to drive that's
if you're concerned about the person
sitting in the back which I seldom I'm
carrying anyone so as long as my front
is comfortable sitting in the back
sitting in the back of a truck like my
brothers truck like you leave in your
necks all jacked up because the shocks
or should into nice oh like it doesn't
feel great no Raptor absorb shit it's
actually pretty comfortable
I just don't drive over like crazy
rugged terrain at very fast speeds I am
watching America fall like Rome I'm
watching our world fall and I don't need
a new car okay and so I just admit that
but I do buy other things that are nice
I've got money in other ways I believe
you believe you listen I'm not shaming
you no no
but not really I'm just make it funny
it's okay shitty fucking car I'll take a
look at in 1969 Corvette with no air
conditioning and no cool how much you
get an old-school hot rod and just be
hot driving around one of those with a
stick shift
rumbling stick shit yeah whistling out
the window at girls hey pack of
cigarettes rolled up in your sleeve hey
watch me pack this dip whoa check it out
hookers that's it you said hookers no
commitment I hit trash cans with my car
do you oh yeah oh you see you love the
fact that your cars kind of a beater I
don't go out of my way but I'm not
concerned about it and more importantly
I'm not trying to attract women or
posture as anything so I don't need a
nice guy I don't it's okay yeah it's
okay you hate America yeah but what if
someone gave you a dope car like what
kind of car would someone like if some
someone's like happy birthday lives I
think a Tesla makes the most sense
because of the emissions and everything
yeah I don't want to have one I know I
saw you pull in it's dope I love a big
SUV you know what I always want I draw
that fucking Honda right in the garbage
if you ever drove my car I would gift it
to someone
the Honda my assistant who has the same
car but mine's a hybrid hers isn't on
your car's thank you uh I always wanted
a G Wagen those are dope it's not not uh
it's not responsible not responsible but
what if you want to go to war then you
need something that has three lockers
three locking differentials you need of
course is a German car they're like it's
very nice I probably just drive out of
town good move I need first to go the
new ones are weird because the new G
wagons aren't really a military vehicle
anymore it's just really nice Mercedes
with very heavy metal doors well and you
have to get the AMG package and if you
don't then it's like it's like you got a
3-series well so is there anything wrong
with a 3-series who are you yeah I
thought you were the girl who owns the
2002 Honda
and you're shitting on people with a
3-series yeah how dare you why I just
feel like it's paper credit a little bit
I don't think so
3-series is a nice car I'm making a
point with mine 3-series my dad got this
for me and it's like a dipping a toe in
luxury oh I see what you're saying
BMW 3-series is what my friends got when
they were 16 I had a I had a blazer did
you really yeah I drove that thing all
the way down it it was a it was all the
bells and whistles it was awesome it
hello splash decal why did Chevy stop me
like they have a Tahoe it's like the
McRib like they take away things that
people love like to bring it back the
Bronco for thefor has a 2020 Bronco it's
fucking dope you want an old Bronco you
don't want the new one you want like
that the look of it is a piece of shit
what is that that's the new blazer get
the fuck out of here that's like a
Nissan that's like a shitty body that's
terrible how is that a blazer that's a
blazer it looks like a Lexus not there's
anything wrong with it but they're
ripping off the Lexus grille
well the front looks like a Range Rover
to me but dude Ranger that is Alexis
grille look at how that let that grille
is now go to Lexus LS 570 or LX 570 look
at that grill and see the shape of that
grill Lexus lx570 now check this out
look at the grill on that same fucking
it definitely likes that's the same
grill who I like oh you bitches stole a
grill now just make a grandma car out of
a goddamn blazer but you stole the grill
now good luck it's a grand mom our SUV
Lexus is a grandma car those 570s of the
shit whatever those things are
legitimately
grandma off-roading in a Lexus
you can though do you know that's the
same base as a Toyota Land Cruiser yeah
I did know it's same chassis is
everything so tell me it lifts up it
actually has a button we can lift to go
off-roading it has locking differential
yeah but my Honda Civic Hybrid has a CD
player that's Lucy look you see the guys
are off-roading
this fucking Lexus people have done it
there's actually a motoring video no
it's a motor train they got lost they're
showing you the capabilities of this
amazing piece of machinery how dare you
pull up 2024 Broncos oh that's legit the
20:24 Bronco is not like that shitty
blazer
24 broncos look shit there's a legit
beautiful vehicle and people are already
starting to like to develop customizing
kits got it
check this out this is America Jamie you
killing me here with the suspense
village for a long time you might be
right I think they do have some legit
pictures though maybe just renders I'm
gonna Ford calm okay there you go
all your cars in a garage those are mine
oh I didn't know there was a garage in
here permit yet they haven't shown it
yet oh really yes so there's no so all
those pictures are fake but they're
definitely at least know kind of what it
looks like I think there's been leaks
let's see leaked Ford Bronco pic leaked
nude one that they released though if I
remember correctly that was their
website and says they're not showing
anything until spring not seen that
everything we know but I've been take a
show fake iPhones
oh okay that's pretty so if that comes
out looking like that I'm in that's a
cool car I have a 72 have you ever seen
mine I'll show you I'm your friend
show me yeah I love those old Broncos
though there's something about them
there's just it's like a time machine
yeah there's they're cool it's like a
very Americana mmm-hmm next time we're
at the store you comes into my Civic
I've got leather seats oh my god animals
died for your seats that's kind of
fucked up kind of monster are you
there's a regular American oh yeah is
your uh your headliner made out of like
make dicks I don't have a headliner what
are you talking about that's how you do
the inside oh it's definitely felt it's
not a fully leather I'm not driving a
cow it's like some sort of felt it's in
pristine condition I believe you
um 33 o'clock believe it or not call me
crazy hell yeah we had a good fucking
time I love you I love coming on the
show I love every opportunity I get to
see you at the store I love you too
friends I'm glad we're friends
um tell everybody but you special
so-called unveiled and it's currently
streaming on Netflix the last like two
weeks yeah it should be on your homepage
if not feel free to look for it it's
pretty fucking metal there's blood
there's fire
and it's the only special out there like
it iliza shlesinger ladies and gentlemen
holla at you boy
bye everybody
[Music]